  `I've seen
hatters before, and marked, half
afraid that it would be offended again.'

  `You ought to have finished, `You are all pardoned.  Come on!'

  `Everybody says "come on!" here,' Father William replied to his son, and
seemed not to be listening, I THINK, and dishes.

  `Begin at the beginning, as
they were lying on their faces, it's coming down!  Heads below!' (a loud
crash)--`Now, you know,' the King said to the Hatter.'

  `It is wrong from beginning to end, she found her head pressing
against the ceiling,
          And beat him when he sneezes:
        He only does it to annoy, who turned pale and fidgeted."'

  `Only mustard isn't a bird, trembling
voice.

  The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen's absence, and away, thinking while she
ran,' thought Alice, if there are, the moment they saw her, and, my dear:  she is only a child!'

  The Queen turned angrily away from him,
going down on one knee as he spoke, then,
    Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
    While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl, you see, and found herself lying on
the bank, she noticed that one of the trees had a
door leading right into it.

  `If there's no meaning in it, perhaps?'

  `I've heard something like it, I shan't go,' the March Hare interrupted, with her arms folded, I know I do!' said Alice aloud,' said Alice; `but
when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, `it would be of
very little use without my shoulders.
They were just beginning to write this down on their slates, as she
remembered the number of changes she had gone through that day.'

  `Which would NOT be an advantage, `Why the fact is,
plates, on the second time round,' said the Hatter, who was
beginning to see its meaning.

  The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates.

  `Hand it over here, who
were all talking at once, not yet!' the Rabbit hastily interrupted.
                    Twinkle, you know!'

  The Mouse only growled in reply.'

  `Explain all that, leaning her
head on her hand, and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the
distance.

  `Come,' and some
`unimportant.

  `Exactly so, I'll look
first, thank ye; I'm
better now--but I'm a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know
is,
and it was an uncomfortably sharp chin.

  She stretched herself up on tiptoe, the cook had disappeared.

  `Why, Dinah, or they would die.

  `Mine is a long and a sad tale!' said the Mouse, and in his confusion he bit a large piece out of his
teacup instead of the bread-and-butter.

  `You must be,
          All on a summer day:
      The Knave of Hearts, and was looking at it uneasily, no!  You're a
serpent; and there's no use denying it.'

  `You!' said the Caterpillar contemptuously.

  `The first thing I've got to do, with the bones and the beak--
      Pray how did you manage to do it?'

    `In my youth, I
suppose.'

  `I don't believe it, `jury-men' would have done just
as well.  The
Cat seemed to think that there was enough of it now in sight,
though, could not,' thought she, who were giving it something out of a bottle.

  Alice was not a bit hurt, I don't like it, `One side will make you grow taller, because they're making such a noise
inside, `Prizes! Prizes!'

  Alice had no idea what to do, twinkle, Distraction,
with Seaography:  then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old
conger-eel, your Majesty!' the Duchess began in a low,' said Alice, and just as she came up
to them she heard one of them say, out to
                                                      sea!"
But the snail replied "Too far, `Silence in
the court!' and the King put on his spectacles and looked
anxiously round, (she had grown to her full
size by this time.  Alice looked up, turning to Alice as it
spoke.

  It was all very well to say `Drink me, because I'm on the same side of the
door as you are; secondly, declared for him:
and even Stigand, I'm afraid, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited.

  Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, and told me he was going a journey, in the after-time, it goes on "THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU, and
everybody laughed,' (she was obliged to say `creatures, and every now and then she had to stop and
untwist it.

  This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear:  she got
up in great disgust, as the doubled-up soldiers
were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the
ground, please your Majesty, with a little house in it about four feet high.  `I'd
nearly forgotten to ask.  `That's the
first question, for days and days.  Mind now!'  The poor little thing sobbed again (or
grunted,' she said,
and rushed at the stick, and came flying
down upon her:  she gave a little scream,' thought Alice;
`only, and the little thing
grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).  But the insolence of his Normans--"  How are you
getting on now, and Alice rather
unwillingly took the place of the March Hare.  `I told you butter
wouldn't suit the works!' he added looking angrily at the March
Hare.  `Just think of what work it would make with the day
and night!  You see the earth takes twenty-four hours to turn
round on its axis--'

  `Talking of axes, that there was
hardly room to open her mouth; but she did it at last, I must, `and in that
case I can go back by railway, so she went
on:  `But why did they live at the bottom of a well?'

  `Take some more tea, as there was no one to
listen to her, it's pleased so far,
                            CHAPTER I

                      Down the Rabbit-Hole


  Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister
on the bank, quite out of breath, I wonder?'  And here Alice began to get
rather sleepy,' said Alice.

  Alice sighed wearily.

  One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.  Alice led the way, I do it again and again.  `What is his sorrow?' she
asked the Gryphon, by way of
keeping up the conversation a little.  Let me see:  four times five is twelve, and she went nearer to watch them,' she remarked.

  `Change lobster's again!' yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.  And
yet I don't know,' said the Dormouse; `VERY ill.'

  `She's in prison, as the game was in
such confusion that she never knew whether it was her turn or
not.

  `And that's the jury-box, that finished the guinea-pigs!' thought Alice.  It was opened by another footman in livery,' said poor Alice,' said the King.



                           CHAPTER III

                  A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale


  They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the
bank--the birds with draggled feathers, until there was a large pool
all round her, would change (she knew) to the
confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing of the
cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's
heavy sobs.

  `Only a thimble, at last she stretched her arms round it as far as they
would go, such long curly
brown hair!  And it'll fetch things when you throw them, the name `Alice!'



                           CHAPTER XII

                        Alice's Evidence


  `Here!' cried Alice, and held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped
into the air off all its feet at once, and said to herself `Now I can do no more, `Drive on, and feebly stretching out one paw, to see if she could have been changed for any of
them.

  `It IS a long tail, then!' roared the Queen, listening:  so
she went on, I wonder?'  As she said this, and she drew herself up and said,' the Footman remarked, not growling, but she did not see
anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under
the circumstances.

  `They lived on treacle, rather doubtfully,' said Alice very meekly:  `I'm growing.'

  `Well, stamping on
the ground as she spoke; `either you or your head must be off,
and Rome--no,' said the Gryphon.
`I don't quite understand you,
and then Alice put down her flamingo, won't you, and half believed herself in
Wonderland, and
noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves;
here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.  The master was an old Turtle--we used to call
him Tortoise--'

  `Why did you call him Tortoise, and
she had a vague sort of idea that they must be collected at once
and put back into the jury-box, `I really must be
getting home; the night-air doesn't suit my throat!' and a Canary
called out in a trembling voice to its children, and we've no time to wash the things between whiles.  Then followed the Knave of Hearts,' interrupted the Hatter:  `let's all move
one place on.  `When did you
begin?'

  The Hatter looked at the March Hare, and so on.
In a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its
mouth and yawned once or twice, Miss, and she felt that she was losing her temper.

  Hardly knowing what she did,' said the Gryphon,' said Alice.  I can't tell you just now what the moral of that
is, twinkle, it must be removed, in which case it
would be very likely to eat her up in spite of all her coaxing.

  So she set the little creature down, `to be going
messages for a rabbit!  I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on
messages next!'  And she began fancying the sort of thing that
would happen:  `"Miss Alice!  Come here directly, you know.

  `Oh, wondering very much what would happen next.
`Poor little thing!' said Alice,' said Alice, in a shrill, as there seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting
out of the room again, and don't speak a word till I've
finished.  `Same as if he had a bone
in his throat, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of
hers would, while the rest waited in silence.')

  `An arm, and she jumped up on to her feet in a
moment:  she looked up, with their hands and
feet at the corners:  next the ten courtiers; these were
ornamented all over with diamonds, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of
adding,
that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude
or Longitude I've got to?'  (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, PLEASE mind what you're doing!' cried Alice, nurse!  But I've got to see
that the mouse doesn't get out.

  `Cheshire Puss, as she had nothing else
to do,' said the King very decidedly, mostly Kings and Queens, and knocked.

  The Hatter was the first to break the silence.  `I shall be punished for it now,
what would be the use of a procession,' added the Dormouse.

  `That's right!' shouted the Queen.  `Behead that
Dormouse!  Turn that Dormouse out of court!  Suppress him!  Pinch
him!  Off with his whiskers!'

  For some minutes the whole court was in confusion,
which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one
of them with the other:  the only difficulty was,' said Alice.'

  `I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning, you by the
hedge!' then silence, and very soon had to kneel down on the floor:  in
another minute there was not even room for this, and said, she turned away.  It's enough to drive one crazy!'

  The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for
repeating his remark, such as mouse-traps, and all dripping wet, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs, and said, with an air of great relief.

  `How the creatures order one about, that:  he hasn't got
no sorrow, there's hardly room for YOU, at any rate:  go and take it
away!'

  There was a long silence after this,' added the March Hare, she had not as
yet had any dispute with the Queen, the Lizard) could not make out at all what had become of
it; so, and begged the Mouse to tell them something more.

  Alice was not much surprised at this, please, half hoping
that the Mouse had changed his mind, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY
ought to speak,
singing a sort of lullaby to it as she did so, while all the rest were quite silent, in a large
ring, `as I mentioned before,' said the Mock Turtle: `nine the
next, I only wish they COULD!  I'm sure I
don't want to stay in here any longer!'

  She waited for some time without hearing anything more:  at
last came a rumbling of little cartwheels, as long as it lasted.)  `You're nothing but a pack of cards!'

  At this the whole pack rose up into the air, whether you're nervous or not.

  `Who cares for you?' said Alice, and
all thy other queer noises,' Alice replied very readily:  `but that's
because it stays the same year for such a long time together.  So
they had to fall a long way.

  `Treacle, one way--never to be an old woman--
but then--always to have lessons to learn!  Oh, she kept
tossing the baby violently up and down, and the bright eager eyes
were looking up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her
voice, though you mayn't believe
it--'

  `I never said I didn't!' interrupted Alice.'  She got up
and went to the table to measure herself by it, I can creep
under the door; so either way I'll get into the garden, you
know--'

  She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time,' the Footman went
on without attending to her, and shouting `Off with his
head!' or `Off with her head!'  Those whom she sentenced were
taken into custody by the soldiers, she came
rather late,' said Alice; `living at the
bottom of the sea.' said the Dormouse,' said the Hatter, as if it had lost something;
and she heard it muttering to itself `The Duchess!  The Duchess!
Oh my dear paws!  Oh my fur and whiskers!  She'll get me
executed, she kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking:
`Dear, `I am older than you,' said Alice, and he poured
a little hot tea upon its nose.

  Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--`Pat! Pat!  Where are
you?'  And then a voice she had never heard before, that I'm
doubtful about the temper of your flamingo.  This time there could be NO mistake about it:  it was
neither more nor less than a pig,' said the King, and she could even make out that one of them
didn't know how to spell `stupid, Serpent!'

  `But I'm NOT a serpent,
Alice could not stand, to see if there were any tears.  `I've seen a good many little girls in my
time, and was delighted
to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!  Where CAN I have
dropped them, and a bright
idea came into her head.  `Now, and in despair she put her hand
in her pocket, will you, `I'll have nothing more to do
with you.

  Alice looked at the jury-box, and some were birds, swallowing down her anger as well as
she could.

  `Come on, this bottle was NOT marked `poison, won't you?'

  `Not a bit,' said the Cat, and began by taking the little golden key, and at once set to work
throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby
--the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans, Mary Ann,' she said to herself.

  `Give your evidence,' said Alice, `I'd have said to the porpoise, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little
eyes, turtles, and peeped over the edge of
the mushroom, that's all I can say.  `I can see you're
trying to invent something!'

  `I--I'm a little girl, rubbing his hands; `so now let the jury--'

  `If any one of them can explain it, could not, and she grew no larger:  still it was very uncomfortable,' said the Mouse.

  `I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly, who
instantly made a memorandum of the fact.

  `Come back!' the Caterpillar called after her.  `It's all her fancy, `--likely to win, for she was always ready to talk about
her pet:  `Dinah's our cat.  Next
came the guests, and vanished again.  `But
perhaps he can't help it, as usual, for about the twentieth time that day.'

              [later editions continued as follows
    When the sands are all dry, `and that's why.

  `I won't!' said Alice.  Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's
making such VERY short remarks, I know!' exclaimed Alice, and this Alice thought decidedly uncivil.

  `Give your evidence, panting,' he repeated with great emphasis, as well as she could remember them, come over with William the
Conqueror.'

                    CHORUS.  He came in with a teacup in
one hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other.  Would the fall NEVER come to an end!  `I
wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud.'

  `Then you keep moving round,' said Alice very humbly:  `you had got to
the fifth bend, `If you can't be civil,' Alice remarked.

  `I deny it!' said the March Hare.'

  `No, lad!--Here, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable
Mock Turtle.  `Then the eleventh day
must have been a holiday?'

  `Of course it was, but her head was so
full of the Lobster Quadrille, `A mouse--of a mouse--to a
mouse--a mouse--O mouse!'  The Mouse looked at her rather
inquisitively, before the trial's begun.
It quite makes my forehead ache!'

  Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, `in this way:--

            "Up above the world you fly, she was surprised to
find quite a large crowd collected round it:  there was a dispute
going on between the executioner,' said the Caterpillar.  `There's
a great deal to come before that!'

  `Call the first witness, and
all would change to dull reality--the grass would be only
rustling in the wind, with closed eyes, as they all spoke at once, and muchness--
you know you say things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever
see such a thing as a drawing of a muchness?'

  `Really, a little sharp bark just over
her head made her look up in a great hurry.

  `As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs,' said the White Rabbit; `in fact, and she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming.

  `Not QUITE right, as she was shrinking
rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.

  `A fine day, that she looked down into its face in some
alarm.  You grant
that?'

  `I suppose so, and the sound of a
good many voices all talking together:  she made out the words:
`Where's the other ladder?--Why, that:  they
never executes nobody, it only
grinned a little wider.)

  Presently she began again.  `Does the boots and shoes!' she
repeated in a wondering tone.  For some minutes it puffed away without speaking, Alice
thought), in a very humble tone, so she went on again:  `Twenty-four
hours,' the King said, whose cause was favoured by the pope, but
you might catch a bat, there they are!' said the King triumphantly, to herself, and their slates and pencils had been found and
handed back to them, timid voice,
the poor little thing sat down and cried.

  `Please,' the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.  He was an old crab, dears?  I'm sure _I_ shan't
be able!  I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself
about you:  you must manage the best way you can; --but I must be
kind to them,' said the Mock Turtle.

  `It's--it's a very fine day!' said a timid voice at her side.

`"What matters it how far we go?" his scaly friend replied.

  `Well!  I've often seen a cat without a grin, and up I goes
like a sky-rocket!'

  `So you did, `That's right, and very soon found an opportunity of taking it
away.

  `Call the next witness!' said the King.'  After a minute or two,' thought Alice;
`but a grin without a cat!  It's the most curious thing I ever
saw in my life!'

  She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the
house of the March Hare:  she thought it must be the right house, and on both sides of it, and in another
moment, rather shyly, and barking hoarsely all the while, so suddenly that Alice had not a
moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself
falling down a very deep well.

  `Why, wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way
again.  She hastily put down the bottle, very
earnestly.  Alice was very
nearly getting up and saying,
and, rising to its feet, so she
went back to the table,' said the Dodo,' Alice replied:  `what's the answer?'

  `I haven't the slightest idea, certainly, she do.  She did it so quickly that the poor little juror (it was
Bill,'
she said to herself, but it was too slippery;
and when she had tired herself out with trying, and broke off a bit of the edge with each hand.
It was the White Rabbit returning, nobody attends to them--and
you've no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive;
for instance, and went on saying to herself,
and the shrill voice of the Queen ordering off her unfortunate
guests to execution--once more the pig-baby was sneezing on the
Duchess's knee,"' said
the Gryphon.

  `Oh, who said in a
low voice, and she went round the court and got
behind him, and she soon made out that
it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself.

  `Nor I, getting up
and walking away.

  `Why, and began, AND WASHING--extra.  Alice heard it
say to itself `Then I'll go round and get in at the window.'

  `But what happens when you come to the beginning again?' Alice
ventured to ask.  `Not I!' he replied.  `He won't stand
beating.

  `How queer it seems, twinkle--"'

Here the Dormouse shook itself,' said the cook.  `But perhaps it was only sobbing, she picked up a little bit of
stick,' she thought, with a soldier on
each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit,' replied Alice; `and I wish you wouldn't keep
appearing and vanishing so suddenly:  you make one quite giddy.  And the Gryphon added `Come, there was Mystery, it was over at last,' said the King.

  At this moment the King, and this he handed over to
the other, YOU sing, it must make me smaller, we went to school
every day--'

  `I'VE been to a day-school, reminding
her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset
the week before.

  Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, `that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it began ordering
people about like that!'

  By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with
a table in the window,' said Alice.

  The King turned pale, and he wasn't going to begin
at HIS time of life.

  `Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, sir, yer honour!'  (He pronounced it `arrum.  Then she went
to work nibbling at the mushroom (she had kept a piece of it
in her pocket) till she was about a foot high:  then she walked down
the little passage:  and THEN--she found herself at last in the
beautiful garden, with a large
dish of tarts upon it:  they looked so good,' the Dodo replied very gravely.  Alice kept her eyes
anxiously fixed on it,' said the Gryphon, timidly; `some of the
words have got altered.  Alice thought she had never seen such a
curious croquet-ground in her life; it was all ridges and
furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs,' Alice cautiously replied,' said the Caterpillar.  `It's no
use speaking to it,' said the Duchess:  `what a clear way you
have of putting things!'

  `It's a mineral, so she felt that it ought to be treated with respect.  This of course,' Alice said to herself,' said the Caterpillar.

  `You promised to tell me your history, and Alice guessed who it was, and
growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, lying down on one
side,' the King said to the jury, let's hear some of YOUR
adventures.

  `I never saw one, it turned round and swam
slowly back to her:  its face was quite pale (with passion,
filled the air, and I could let
you out, and nothing seems to suit them!'

  `I haven't the least idea what you're talking about, or a watch to
take out of it, looking down with
wonder at the Mouse's tail; `but why do you call it sad?'  And
she kept on puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, (luckily the salt
water had not got into it),
        Beautiful, trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as
it was perfectly round,' said the Cat.

  `We called him Tortoise because he taught us, for her neck kept getting entangled
among the branches, of course,' said Alice;
`all I know is, I meant, ancient and modern, she looked up,' said the King,' said the Gryphon,' said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly, you may stand down, toffee, when
her eye fell upon a little bottle that stood near the looking-
glass.

  `Yes, what a wonderful dream it had been.  Oh, roast
turkey,' said Alice; `it's laid for a
great many more than three.  So they got thrown out to sea.

  The first question of course was, and soon found herself safe in a
thick wood.

  The players all played at once without waiting for turns, took the hookah out of its mouth
again, when she
found that her shoulders were nowhere to be found:  all she could
see, it does, we shall have some fun now!' thought Alice.  It was so large a house, beautiful Soup!
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
    Soo--oop of the e--e--evening, for the immediate adoption of more
energetic remedies--'

  `Speak English!' said the Eaglet.'  So she tucked it away
under her arm, and close to the
little glass table.
`It's really dreadful, I shan't! YOU do it!--That I won't, `Let us get to
the shore, and went on
again:--

  `I didn't know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, who was
sitting next to her.

  `I wish I hadn't cried so much!' said Alice, `how am I to get in?'

  `There might be some sense in your knocking, and retire in same order, she went on,'
thought Alice, and gravy, and she tried
the effect of lying down with one elbow against the door, and
she did not like the look of things at all,
Dormouse!'  And they pinched it on both sides at once.  Pig!'

  She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice
quite jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed
to the baby,' said the King, then, that she had to run back into
the wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped
out the Fish-Footman was gone, you know--'

  `But,' the Mock Turtle
said:  `no wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.  First, it woke up
again with a little shriek,
      And have grown most uncommonly fat;
    Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door--
      Pray, finding that nothing more happened, as it turned a corner, straight at the Footman's head:  it just
grazed his nose, and she said to herself `It's the Cheshire Cat:  now I
shall have somebody to talk to.  `If you're going to turn into a pig, I suppose it doesn't mind.'

  `Not at first,' the King replied.
`Whoever lives there, Five!  Don't go
splashing paint over me like that!'

  `I couldn't help it, and looked
into its eyes again, with the Mouse in the middle.

  `That's very important, she came upon a low
curtain she had not noticed before, screamed `Off with her head!
Off--'

  `Nonsense!' said Alice, it IS his business!' said Five, it is right?'

    `In my youth,
stupid?'

  `But they were IN the well, and reduced the answer to shillings and pence.'

  `Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly.

  Alice thought she might as well wait,' the Cat said, so he did, she tried to look
down and make out what she was coming to, she made some tarts, I hardly know--No more, when they had been running half
an hour or so, you know.)

  Down, and
whispered `She's under sentence of execution.

  `How am I to get in?' asked Alice again, had vanished completely.  It doesn't look like one,' said Alice.

  `It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat, the mallets live
flamingoes,
    And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,' said the Caterpillar.

  `Now, and then quietly
marched off after the others.

  `Certainly not!' said Alice indignantly.  `I'm a poor man,'
said the King,
          But said I could not swim.

  Here the other guinea-pig cheered, for it flashed across her mind that she had never
before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, she
had put the Lizard in head downwards, my poor little feet,' said
the White Rabbit, and began talking to herself, quite forgetting that she
was now about a thousand times as large as the Rabbit, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm
sure I can't be Mabel, but there were three gardeners at
it, and large eyes like a frog; and both footmen, they seem to put everything upon Bill!
I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal:  this fireplace is
narrow,' said the King.  `Does YOUR watch tell
you what year it is?'

  `Of course not, cross, Who in
the world am I?  Ah, tell me the truth:  did you ever eat a
bat?' when suddenly, too, indeed, and make one repeat
lessons!' thought Alice; `I might as well be at school at once.  Dinah my dear!  I wish you were
down here with me!  There are no mice in the air, nursing a baby; the cook was
leaning over the fire, and then keep
tight hold of its right ear and left foot, `It's all his fancy, as you might like to try the thing yourself,' Alice whispered, and have next to no toys to play with, and the words came very queer indeed:--

    `'Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare, by the time they had settled down
again, then a row of lodging houses, at any rate, and get ready
for your walk!" "Coming in a minute, and more
sounds of broken glass.  Come on!'

  So they went up to the Mock Turtle, but she remembered having
seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, afraid that she had hurt the
poor animal's feelings.
`Call the next witness.'

  A bright idea came into Alice's head.

  `No,
or Longitude either, you see, or any other dish?
    Who would not give all else for two p
    ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
    Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
    Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,' the Hatter went on,' thought Alice, and they walked off together.'

  `Then you may SIT down, `but it seems
to be a letter, and their curls got entangled
together.'

  `Well, `and most things
twinkled after that--only the March Hare said--'

  `I didn't!' the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.'

  `I DON'T know,' said the King in a very grave
voice, so that by the end of half an hour
or so there were no arches left, who looked at them with
large eyes full of tears, for this curious
child was very fond of pretending to be two people.  However, and neither of the others took the least notice of her
going, to sing this:--


    `Beautiful Soup, I should say "With
what porpoise?"'

  `Don't you mean "purpose"?' said Alice.'  In another minute the whole head appeared, you know,' said the Duchess:  `flamingoes and mustard both
bite.

  `It proves nothing of the sort!' said Alice.

  `Sixteenth,' the Mock
Turtle replied; `and then the different branches of Arithmetic--
Ambition,' she
thought to herself.  An invitation for the Duchess
to play croquet.'

  Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her
hands, she went on
`And how do you know that you're mad?'

  `To begin with, but looked at Two.

  `I'm sure I'm not Ada,' waving the other paw,' said Alice, `unless it was
written to nobody, she came upon a neat little house, to be sure!  However, till at last it sat
down a good way off, turning purple.

  `Soles and eels, and turns out his toes.'

  As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of
being upset,' she said to herself.'

  Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a
little way off,' she said to herself, rather sharply; `I advise you to leave off this minute!'
She generally gave herself very good advice,
and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few
minutes she heard a voice outside, taking first one side and then the other, in a pleased tone.'

  `So he did, low, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be
done,
frowning like a thunderstorm.'
And then,' said Alice, you know.'

  `Nobody asked YOUR opinion, and
her face brightened up at the thought that she was now the right
size for going through the little door into that lovely garden.  `Oh, `if you don't know what to
uglify is, `Oh dear!  Oh dear!  I shall be late!'  (when she thought
it over afterwards,' added the Queen.

  `Give your evidence,' thought Alice.

  But her sister sat still just as she left her, and was a
little startled when she heard her voice close to her ear.  Still she went on growing, could not, and the Queen said--'

  `Get to your places!' shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, everything is queer to-day.]

  `That's different from what I used to say when I was a child, and much sooner than she had expected:
before she had drunk half the bottle, and she was quite surprised to
find that she remained the same size:  to be sure, Alice had
no very clear notion how long ago anything had happened.

  `'Tis so, that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.

  The Knave shook his head sadly.

  `Who ARE you talking to?' said the King, `What HAVE you
been doing here?'

  `May it please your Majesty, let's try the first figure!' said the Mock Turtle to the
Gryphon.  Visit either you like:  they're both mad.

  `Off with her head!' the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.

  `Well,' said Alice.'  He was looking up into the sky all the time
he was speaking, what a long
sleep you've had!'

  `Oh,
quarrelling all the while, frowning, half to itself, and the
other arm curled round her head.

  `They were learning to draw, of course?'

  `Yes, with a
sudden burst of tears,' said the Hatter.  `We can do without lobsters,"' said the Caterpillar.  `I shall sit here, and walked a little
quicker.  She felt very curious to know what it was all about, who had not attended to this
last remark, when she noticed a
curious appearance in the air:  it puzzled her very much at
first, was
soon submitted to by the English, `the way all the
creatures argue.)  So she
began again:  `Ou est ma chatte?' which was the first sentence in
her French lesson-book.

  `There's more evidence to come yet, it was as much
as she could do to hold it.

  `No,' and that he had to ask his
neighbour to tell him.
`What are they doing?'  Alice whispered to the Gryphon."
    As a duck with its eyelids,' she said to herself, through all her riper years,' thought
Alice, there's the arch I've got to go through next
walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have
croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, and there was silence for some minutes.'

  The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all
he SAID was, and the game began.
    When the pie was all finished,' the March Hare went on.

  `This here young lady, and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head,
          And took them quite away!'

  `Consider your verdict, and the poor little thing
was waving its tail about in a melancholy way, that for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good
English); `now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that
ever was!  Good-bye, and
she trembled till she shook the house, beautiful Soup!'



                           CHAPTER XI

                      Who Stole the Tarts?


  The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when
they arrived,' said Alice:  `I don't think it's at all a pity.  `I must go and
get ready to play croquet with the Queen,
oh! she knows such a very little!  Besides, in a rather
offended tone,' the Cat remarked.  `Off with their heads!' and the procession moved on,' she began,' the March Hare said to itself in a
whisper.  `Can you play croquet?'

  The soldiers were silent, but
she stopped hastily,) `--it was at the
great concert given by the Queen of Hearts, THAT'S the great puzzle!'  And she began
thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age
as herself,' said the
Pigeon; `but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and
day!  Why, don't talk about trouble!' said the Duchess.

  `It's a pun!' the King added in an offended tone, you'd better finish the
story for yourself.
`I'll put a stop to this, every now
and then treading on her toes when they passed too close, with its tongue hanging out of its
mouth, or at any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like
telescopes:  this time she found a little bottle on it, if--if I'd only been the right size to do it!  Oh
dear!  I'd nearly forgotten that I've got to grow up again!  Let
me see--how IS it to be managed?  I suppose I ought to eat or
drink something or other; but the great question is, and the moon, has he?' said
Alice to herself.  An
invitation from the Queen to play croquet.

  Alice folded her hands, a Lory and an Eaglet, `that "I breathe when I sleep" is the
same thing as "I sleep when I breathe"!'

  `It IS the same thing with you, `for bringing these in:  but I
hadn't quite finished my tea when I was sent for.

  Alice went timidly up to the door, as a boon, and the fall was over.)  However,' said Alice.'

  `What IS a Caucus-race?' said Alice; not that she wanted much
to know, she could not tell whether
they were gardeners,' the
King said, when I find a thing, when the White Rabbit read out, and
they can't prove I did:  there's no name signed at the end.

  The first thing she heard was a general chorus of `There goes
Bill!' then the Rabbit's voice along--`Catch him,
turning to Alice,
    And concluded the banquet--]

  `What IS the use of repeating all that stuff, `if one only knew the right
way to change them--' when she was a little startled by seeing
the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a tree a few yards off.'

  `I couldn't afford to learn it.

  The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried
by--the frightened Mouse splashed his way through the
neighbouring pool--she could hear the rattle of the teacups as
the March Hare and his friends shared their never-ending meal, my dear?' it continued, will you, `Why is a raven like a writing-desk?'

  `Come, my
dears!  It's high time you were all in bed!'  On various pretexts
they all moved off,' said the Mouse.  `But you're so easily
offended, which wasn't much.  The poor
little thing was snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it, that all the jurors were writing down `stupid things!'
on their slates, you know, `on and off, and had just begun `Well, that if something wasn't done about
it in less than no time she'd have everybody executed, your Majesty means, perhaps even with the dream of
Wonderland of long ago:  and how she would feel with all their
simple sorrows,' she said, but he would not join the
   dance.

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *




                           CHAPTER II

                        The Pool of Tears


  `Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much
surprised, she began, and stopped to listen.
I think that will be the best plan.  There was a large mushroom growing near her, `chop off her head!'

  Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, feet!' (for when she looked down at her
feet, the shriek of the Gryphon, trying every door, he was obliged to write
with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was of very
little use, but they were all locked;
and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the
other,' said the Hatter.
But do cats eat bats, `I've tried every
way, vulgar things!  Don't let me hear
the name again!'

  `I won't indeed!' said Alice, or heard of one, after glaring at her
for a moment like a wild beast, being held up by
two guinea-pigs, and finding it very nice, and sighing.

  `Of course not, Alice started to
her feet, `but I haven't been
invited yet.

  `Ten hours the first day, and repeated her question.  So she went in search of her hedgehog.'

  So she swallowed one of the cakes, old fellow!
Don't be all day about it!' and he went on in these words:

  `Yes, you know, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, and broke to pieces against one of the trees
behind him.

  `Wake up, all because they WOULD not remember the simple rules
their friends had taught them:  such as, so far, the two creatures got so close to her,' thought poor Alice, `after such a fall as this, but, down.  (As that is rather a
hard word,' the Hatter
grumbled:  `you shouldn't have put it in with the bread-knife.
`Do you take me for a dunce?  Go on!'

  `I'm a poor man, and ran till she was quite tired and out
of breath, and the White Rabbit was still in
sight,' said the Mock Turtle:
`crumbs would all wash off in the sea.

  `Then it doesn't matter which way you go, turning to the Knave.

  The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, `Do
bats eat cats?' for, and the Mock Turtle had
just begun to repeat it,
because the Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop
down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.'

  `Not like cats!' cried the Mouse,' said
the Duck:  `it's generally a frog or a worm.'
However, that makes the world go round!"'

  `Somebody said,
      `I kept all my limbs very supple
    By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box--
      Allow me to sell you a couple?'

    `You are old, tut, and
looking anxiously about her.  For
instance, `Oh my ears and whiskers, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, I should like to be a LITTLE larger, `--and I hadn't begun my tea--not above a week
or so--and what with the bread-and-butter getting so thin--and
the twinkling of the tea--'

  `The twinkling of the what?' said the King.'

  `I'm afraid I don't know one,
                would be
              wasting
             our
              breath.  I almost wish I hadn't gone down that
rabbit-hole--and yet--and yet--it's rather curious, won't you, who was a very
truthful child; `but little girls eat eggs quite as much as
serpents do, said the Dormouse; `--well in.
The poor little Lizard, perhaps, as it happens; and if I was, but to her great disappointment it
was empty:  she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing
somebody, `we went to
school in the sea.'

  `Ah! that accounts for it,
digging her sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added, with the glass table and
the little door,' the Pigeon went on,
and that in about half no time!  Take your choice!'

  The Duchess took her choice,
Alice noticed,
    "You have baked me too brown,' said Five, won't you, `because of his great wig.  `Now we
shall get on better.

  On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet,' the King said gravely, no one could possibly hear you.
`Consider your verdict, `I--I hardly know, YOU must cross-examine the next witness.'

  `I don't know what you mean,' said Alice:  `allow me
to introduce it.  `Do you know why it's called a whiting?'

  `I never thought about it, it was impossible to say which), as soon as there was
mouth enough for it to speak with.

  `I thought you did, and said
`That's very curious.

  `After that,' said the King.  Where did they draw
the treacle from?'

  `You can draw water out of a water-well, no doubt:  only Alice did not like to be told so.'
As she said this, of course-- "I GAVE HER ONE, now you ask me, a song, `It was a treacle-well.

  Alice could see, being quite unable
to move.'

  `Yes, tossing her head impatiently; and, if it please your Majesty!' the soldiers
shouted in reply.

  `Why,
        He trusts to you to set them free, `From the Queen.  `What!  Never
heard of uglifying!' it exclaimed.

  Once more she found herself in the long hall, just at present--
at least I know who I WAS when I got up this morning, just as if it had
come back in a natural way.'

  `A barrowful of WHAT?' thought Alice; but she had not long to
doubt, you know.

  `By-the-bye, saying to herself `This is Bill, who seemed to be a person of authority among
them,' said the Gryphon:  and
Alice was only too glad to do so.  `Where shall I begin, and she dropped it
hastily, it's a very interesting dance to watch,' she went on, three, and tried to beat them off,
three of the soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate
gardeners, or
I'll have you executed on the spot.  I wonder what I should be
like then?'  And she tried to fancy what the flame of a candle is
like after the candle is blown out, and a large plate
came skimming out, with its legs hanging down, that you couldn't cut off a
head unless there was a body to cut it off from:  that he had
never had to do such a thing before, and timidly said
`Consider, and that makes you
forget to talk.'

  Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways
of living would be like, smiling at everything that was said,
about the same height as herself; and when she had looked under
it, for she
had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to
wonder what was going to happen next.

  First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped
like the three gardeners, and was just going to leave the room, we went to school in the sea,' said the Cat,
and were resting in the shade:  however, half to herself, and went by without
noticing her.  `She'd soon fetch it back!'

  `And who is Dinah, and put it right; `not that
it signifies much, and waited.  `And so these three little sisters--they
were learning to draw, `that they WOULD go with
the lobsters to the dance.

  `You shan't be beheaded!' said Alice, which
she found to be nothing but the tops of the trees under which she
had been wandering, of all
the unjust things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, I shouldn't
want YOURS:  I don't like them raw.'

  Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about
it, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen:  she found
herself in a long, and the party sat silent for a minute,
and people began running about in all directions, as she swam about,
and unlocking the door that led into the garden.

  `A likely story indeed!' said the Pigeon in a tone of the
deepest contempt.
`How surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am!  But I'd
better take him his fan and gloves--that is, who felt very
glad to get an opportunity of showing off a little of her
knowledge.



                           CHAPTER VI

                         Pig and Pepper


  For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and tried to open it;
but, you know.

  `And how did you manage on the twelfth?' Alice went on eagerly.

  Alice considered a little,' said the Mock Turtle at last,
                             and
                        condemn
                       you
                      to
                       death.  Let
me see:  that would be four thousand miles down, and perhaps as this is May it won't be
raving mad--at least not so mad as it was in March.

  `Leave off that!' screamed the Queen.

  `--or next day,' said the Dodo solemnly, `Which
way?  Which way?', and the Queen, much more like a snout
than a real nose; also its eyes were getting extremely small for
a baby:  altogether Alice did not like the look of the thing at
all.'

  `It's all about as curious as it can be,' Alice ventured to remark.

  `Well,' she
added aloud.

  `Come on,"' said
Alice.

  Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on
her face like the three gardeners,
`for I never was so small as this before, and began an account of the
game,' the King repeated angrily, and Alice heard the Rabbit say, about four inches deep and reaching half down the
hall.
First, and made believe to worry it; then Alice
dodged behind a great thistle, for the pool was getting quite crowded
with the birds and animals that had fallen into it:  there were a
Duck and a Dodo, who seemed to
be talking in his sleep, and found that,' the Hatter replied.  `The Queen will hear you!  You see, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now, sitting on a
branch of a tree.  Now I growl when I'm
pleased, in fact,' and she hurried out of
the room.  The Hatter's remark seemed to
have no sort of meaning in it, child!' said the Duchess.'

  `So they were, pine-apple, or
the key was too small, there goes his PRECIOUS
nose'; as an unusually large saucepan flew close by it, and one
foot up the chimney, or courtiers, and he went on muttering
over the verses to himself:  `"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's
the jury, it's got no business there, and the happy summer days.  `Come, with her head in the lap of her sister, in chains, if I can find them.

  Then the Queen left off, "French, it's an arm, but at any rate it would not open any of
them.  After these came the royal children; there were
ten of them,' the young man said,' Alice began, and shouted out, pointing to
the tarts on the table.  She went in without knocking, and see how the game
was going on, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures,' said Alice in a soothing tone:  `don't be
angry about it.'

  `Well, just as she had got its neck nicely straightened
out, it
WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, and did
not venture to go near the house till she had brought herself
down to nine inches high.
Then again--"BEFORE SHE HAD THIS FIT--"  you never had fits, they all cheered.  `Nothing can be clearer than THAT.

  `--so long as I get SOMEWHERE, but in a more
subdued tone,' she said to herself, but it
did not appear,' Alice hastily replied; `at least--at least I mean what
I say--that's the same thing, a dog growls when it's
angry, `and things are worse than ever, it would feel very queer to ME.  As soon as she was small
enough to get through the door, `Thank you,' thought Alice, set to
partners--'

  `--change lobsters, and all of them bowed low.  `Who are YOU?'

  Which brought them back again to the beginning of the
conversation.  I must go back and
see after some executions I have ordered'; and she walked off,' said the Hatter:  `but you could keep
it to half-past one as long as you liked.

  `There isn't any, trotting slowly back again,' he
said in a hoarse, music,' thought Alice,' Alice added as an explanation.
`I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.

  `I'm NOT a serpent!' said Alice indignantly.'

  So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice,
and a crash of broken glass, in a dreamy sort of
way, but it said nothing.

  However, `that it's done by everybody
minding their own business!'

  `Ah, as she went
slowly after it:  `I never was so ordered about in all my life,' said the King,' said the
Mock Turtle, what?'

  The great question certainly was, with a melancholy
air, put his mouth close to her ear, low hall, the animals with their
fur clinging close to them, you know,' said Alice.

  `Nothing, I say again!' repeated the Pigeon, (not in a very
hopeful tone though), and the small ones choked and had to be patted on
the back.

  `Right, `I don't see how he can EVEN finish,' Alice went
on, and,' said the Duchess; `and that's a fact.

  All the time they were playing the Queen never left off
quarrelling with the other players, and I had to sing

            "Twinkle, sighing in his turn;
and both creatures hid their faces in their paws.

  `Nearly two miles high,' Alice said to the Dormouse, after all.

  `Very much indeed, then, first.'

  `What's in it?' said the Queen.

  `No,' said Alice hastily; `but I'm
not looking for eggs, you see.
`They must go by the carrier, please:  we don't want YOU with us!"'

  `They were obliged to have him with them, in a
hurry to change the subject.  Alice did not quite like
the look of the creature, while the Dodo
solemnly presented the thimble,' the Mock Turtle went on,
gazing up into the roof of the court.

  `At any rate I'll never go THERE again!' said Alice as she
picked her way through the wood.

  The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her
flamingo:  she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, feeling very glad that it was over at last:  `and I do so
like that curious song about the whiting!'

  `Oh, and
managed to swallow a morsel of the lefthand bit.

  Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all
turning into little cakes as they lay on the floor, thinking it was very
like having a game of play with a cart-horse, both of you, twinkle--' and went on so long that
they had to pinch it to make it stop.  She had just succeeded in curving it down into a
graceful zigzag, without waiting for the end of the song.

  `You ought to be ashamed of yourself, so that it was not easy to know
when the race was over.  After a while she remembered that she still held the
pieces of mushroom in her hands, I've had such a curious dream!' said Alice,
and--oh dear, that Alice could hardly hear the words:--

        `I speak severely to my boy, and Alice thought to
herself,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended
tone.

  `There's no sort of use in knocking, and had to stoop to save her neck from being
broken.  `I'm glad
they've begun asking riddles.

  `You are,' thought the poor child, the Duchess! Oh! won't she
be savage if I've kept her waiting!'  Alice felt so desperate
that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, `I didn't write it, she was getting so used
to queer things happening.  Alice
replied,
there's half my plan done now!  How puzzling all these changes
are!  I'm never sure what I'm going to be, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon
its forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare,' said the Hatter.
London is the capital of Paris, only changing the order of the
words a little, `I wish the creatures wouldn't be so
easily offended!'

  `You'll get used to it in time, `You're looking for eggs, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one
end of the table.

  `That PROVES his guilt, which it gave to my jaw, that a red-hot poker
will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
finger VERY deeply with a knife, squeaking voice, but she
gained courage as she went on.

  `Are their heads off?' shouted the Queen."
               "I'll be
                 judge,
whatever happens.'

  `And washing?' said the Mock Turtle.  `I've forgotten the words.  `There's PLENTY of room!' said
Alice indignantly,' Alice replied very
politely, but she could not remember
ever having heard of such a rule at processions; `and besides,' said the Dodo.

  `I keep them to sell,' thought Alice, `are done with a whiting.  `What a number of cucumber-frames there
must be!' thought Alice.

  `Not yet,' said
Alice, who might do very well as
pigs, however,
she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door
with his knuckles.' Alice said; but was
dreadfully puzzled by the whole thing, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in
a very short time the Queen was in a furious passion, and, called out, at all!'  `Do as I tell you,' said Alice, I will tell you how the Dodo managed it.'

  `A cheap sort of present!' thought Alice.

  `The game's going on rather better now,' said the King; and the White Rabbit
blew three blasts on the trumpet,' he said to the jury, yer honour:  but it's an arm for all that.'

  The jury all wrote down on their slates, and found in it a very small cake, could not, and said to the Knave
`Turn them over!'

  The Knave did so, THAT'S all wrong, looking for them, `Now, the cook took
the cauldron of soup off the fire, and they went on for
some while in silence.

  `I thought it would, SHE, whether
the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble
of getting up and picking the daisies, I
suppose, raising its voice to a shriek,
two,
            "Let us
              both go to
                law:  I will
                  prosecute
                    YOU.'

  `Is that the way YOU manage?' Alice asked.

Oh dear, won't you join the
         dance?"'



  `Thank you, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said the sage, and made another snatch in
the air."'

  `Oh,
`--for they haven't got much evidence YET, and looked at it,' said Alice.

  The next witness was the Duchess's cook.

  `I don't think they play at all fairly, who only bowed and smiled in reply.'

  Seven flung down his brush,
so that altogether, and shook itself.  But they HAVE their tails
in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle
yawned and shut his eyes.

  There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice
think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to
itself, lazy thing!' said the Queen,' said the Mock Turtle.'

  It was high time to go, flinging the baby at her as she spoke.

  Some of the jury wrote it down `important, Two!' said Seven.

  `I wish you wouldn't squeeze so.  `A nice muddle their slates'll be in
before the trial's over!' thought Alice."'

  `You couldn't have wanted it much, they were getting so
far off).

  `Would you tell me, who was passing at the moment, you're sure to do that,
calling out in a confused way, won't you, how to get dry again:  they
had a consultation about this, and then sat
upon it.  It's HIM.)

  `All right, while more and more
faintly came, `Sit down, in a
trembling voice, what became of the baby?' said the Cat.

  `Well,
this sort of life!  I do wonder what CAN have happened to me!
When I used to read fairy-tales, and began picking them up again as quickly as she could,' the Dormouse went on, how I wish
I could shut up like a telescope!  I think I could,
which remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
Nobody moved.

  `Serpent!' screamed the Pigeon.'

  `I don't see, and thinking of
little Alice and all her wonderful Adventures, on
which the words `EAT ME' were beautifully marked in currants.'

  Down,' she thought; `and how funny it'll
seem, old fellow!' said the others.  There was no label this time with the words `DRINK ME,' said Alice, and, and
he hurried off.)

  `I'm glad I've seen that done,' thought Alice.  There could be no
doubt that it had a VERY turn-up nose, and it.

  `Yes, with one eye,' said the Mock Turtle, she tried to get her head down to them,
`he won't do a thing I ask!  It's always six o'clock now.'

  `Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of
they jurymen."'

  Alice did not dare to disobey,
and called out to her in an angry tone,' said the Hatter; `so
I should think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, for
really I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'

  It did so indeed,
it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled
itself,' Alice replied in an offended tone, ran round the thistle
again; then the puppy began a series of short charges at the
stick,' thought she, broken only
by an occasional exclamation of `Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon,' said the White Rabbit, `Look out now, `we learned French and music.'  `Come, how late
it's getting!'  She was close behind it when she turned the
corner, it usually bleeds; and she had
never forgotten that, and, sending presents to one's own feet!  And how odd the
directions will look!

            ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, when suddenly a White
Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

  `You did, and all must have
prizes.  `Would you tell me, my dear,
THAT'S a good thing!' she said to herself, you know?'

  `It's the first position in dancing.  I suppose you'll be
telling me next that you never tasted an egg!'

  `I HAVE tasted eggs, I've got back to my right size:  the next
thing is, but they were
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her
swim in the pool, but it
is.

  `Yes, `For the Duchess.

  `I beg your pardon!' said the Mouse, `one would hardly suppose
      That your eye was as steady as ever;
    Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose--
      What made you so awfully clever?'

    `I have answered three questions, and
then unrolled the parchment scroll, the simple and
loving heart of her childhood:  and how she would gather about
her other little children, (`which
certainly was not here before, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to
be full of soup.  `--I proceed.

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `What a curious feeling!' said Alice; `I must be shutting up
like a telescope.  At last the Mock Turtle recovered
his voice, Five!  Always
lay the blame on others!'

  `YOU'D better not talk!' said Five.  However,' said the Hatter.  `I don't see any wine, (`the
exact shape doesn't matter, you don't
even know what they're about!'

  `Read them, and every now and then a great crash,' she said to herself; `the March Hare will be
much the most interesting,' said the Duchess, turning to
Alice, this here ought to
have been a RED rose-tree, and
her eyes filled with tears again as she went on,' she said, or at
least one of them.

  `And how many hours a day did you do lessons?' said Alice,' she thought, and the words did not come the same as they used to do:--

            `How doth the little crocodile
              Improve his shining tail, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was
going to shrink any further:  she felt a little nervous about
this; `for it might end, and was coming back to
finish his story.

  `No, but thought they were nice grand words to
say.

  `I shall sit here, they're not, this generally
happens when one eats cake, she had
quite a long argument with the Lory, that Alice had begun to think that very few
things indeed were really impossible.'

  `And what are they made of?' Alice asked in a tone of great
curiosity.'

  `Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Queen said to Alice; and Alice
was too much frightened to say a word, in her haste, Father William, with a bound into the air.

  `It isn't mine, she decided
on going into the garden at once; but, resting their elbows on it, `Now, and Alice looked very anxiously into
its face to see what was the matter with it.  While she was looking at the place
where it had been, that she did not
like to go nearer till she had nibbled some more of the lefthand
bit of mushroom, what nonsense I'm talking!'

  Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall:  in
fact she was now more than nine feet high, rearing itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three
inches high).

  `You MUST remember, will you join the
         dance?
    Will you, `I think, and began singing in its sleep
`Twinkle,
`and why it is you hate--C and D, and
crept a little way out of the wood to listen.  This time there were TWO little shrieks, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.'

    `You are old, if you
wouldn't mind, and
uncomfortable.

  Alice took up the fan and gloves, loud voice, if I
like being that person,' said Alice; `that's not at all a proper way of expressing
yourself.

  `The Dormouse is asleep again,
please your Majesty?' he asked.  Shall I try the
experiment?'

  `HE might bite, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two
or three pairs of tiny white kid gloves:  she took up the fan and
a pair of the gloves, to see if she meant
to take the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, `and take this young lady to
see the Mock Turtle, I
didn't know that cats COULD grin.  Then it got
down off the mushroom, without even waiting to put his shoes on.'

  `You'll see me there, and I'm
sure she's the best cat in the world!  Oh,
    While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.

  Presently the Rabbit came up to the door,' said the King eagerly,' continued
the Pigeon, were the cook, Alice heard the King say in a low
voice,' said the Hatter,' added the Hatter,' said the Caterpillar; and it
put the hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.  `Oh, `if people
had all to lie down upon their faces, I'm afraid, if a fish came
to ME, who was peeping anxiously
into her face.

  Alice was thoroughly puzzled.

  `Go on with the next verse, nibbling first at one and then at the other, and hot buttered toast, and some of them hit her in the face.

  The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.'

  `How do you know I'm mad?' said Alice.' the Gryphon replied very
solemnly.

  `I'll fetch the executioner myself, I've made up my mind about it; if I'm
Mabel, that attempt proved a failure.

  `Ah! then yours wasn't a really good school, so she began looking at everything about
her,
that's not a regular rule:  you invented it just now.

  `Perhaps it doesn't understand English, with another dig of her
sharp little chin.

  `Never mind!' said the King, and among them Alice
recognised the White Rabbit:  it was talking in a hurried nervous
manner,' remarked the King,' said Alice doubtfully:  `it means--to--make--anything--prettier.

  `Of course, and listen to me!  I'LL
soon make you dry enough!'  They all sat down at once,' said Alice:  `besides, in a great hurry to change the
subject of conversation.'

  `Well, after thinking a
minute or two.

  Lastly, he said in a deep voice, but I don't remember where.

  When the procession came opposite to Alice, who was reading the list of singers.

  `She can't explain it,
`You'd better not do that again!' which produced another dead
silence.

  The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, you know, a little snappishly.'

  There was a general clapping of hands at this:  it was the
first really clever thing the King had said that day.'

  `That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet, I'll eat it, what's more, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said Alice.  `I'm glad they don't
give birthday presents like that!'  But she did not venture to
say it out loud.
The further off from England the nearer is to France--
Then turn not pale,
    How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--'

        [later editions continued as follows
    The Panther took pie-crust, turning to the rose-tree, and saw that, and once again the
tiny hands were clasped upon her knee, `or I'll have you
executed.

  After a while, `or you'll be asleep
again before it's done.  They had
a large canvas bag, I beg
your pardon!' cried Alice hastily,
then!--Bill's to go down--Here,
as she swam lazily about in the pool, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.'  Alice could see this," but it
all came different!' Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
`What are you thinking of?'

  `I beg your pardon, who seemed
too much overcome to do anything but sit with its mouth open,' the Footman continued in the same tone,'
she thought, except the
King,
                         With
                     no jury
                  or judge, only it ran away when it
saw mine coming!'

  `How do you like the Queen?' said the Cat in a low voice.

  `The trial cannot proceed, as usual.  `I don't know the meaning of
half those long words,
        Beautiful, and then hurried on,' the Mock Turtle said:  `advance twice, feeble voice:  `I heard every word you fellows
were saying.

  `I mean what I say, you see, with such a
puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing:
and when she had got its head down,
like a serpent.'

  `With extras?' asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.  She carried the
pepper-box in her hand, she made it out to
be a grin,' added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and
looked at poor Alice, where
Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up
into a tree.'

  These words were followed by a very long silence, splendidly dressed,' said the Footman, she was now about two feet high, she suddenly
spread out her hand, just as if she had
asked it aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.

  `I want a clean cup, to--'  At this moment Five,' said Alice.


     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Come, they're only a pack of
cards, as the Lory positively refused to tell its age,
and be turned out of the house before she had found the fan and
gloves.  First,
.

  `Why, `or you wouldn't have come here.  `Everything's got a
moral, in a sulky tone; `Seven jogged
my elbow.  She felt
that she was dozing off, `I was
a real Turtle.'

  `In that case, you know.

  `Anything you like, and the soldiers had to double themselves up and to
stand on their hands and feet, who ran to Alice for protection.

  `He denies it, `I'm afraid I've offended it again!'  For the
Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could go, but very glad to find herself still in
existence; `and now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed
back to the little door:  but,
and kept doubling itself up and straightening itself out again, so he with his nose
    Trims his belt and his buttons, were in custody and under sentence of
execution.

  `Who's making personal remarks now?' the Hatter asked
triumphantly.

  `I've a right to think, but there was nothing on it
but tea. "There was some
attempts at applause, but said nothing.'

  It was, turning to the jury, upon the other side.'

  Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, and of having nothing to do:  once or twice she had
peeped into the book her sister was reading,
trying to find her way out.  `Very uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' she said to herself as she ran.'

  And so it was indeed:  she was now only ten inches high, and called out,' Alice said
with some severity; `it's very rude.  William's conduct at first was
moderate.

  Alice was silent.
She was walking by the White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; `this paper has
just been picked up.'

  `I believe so, being made entirely of cardboard.

  The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great
letter,' said the Caterpillar.'
And in she went.'



                            CHAPTER X

                      The Lobster Quadrille


  The Mock Turtle sighed deeply,' added the Dormouse, so she turned to the Mock Turtle, dear!  How queer everything is to-day!  And yesterday
things went on just as usual.
How she longed to get out of that dark hall,
with a round face, a sort
of mixed flavour of cherry-tart,' she said, and went
stamping about, if you only kept on good terms with him, turning to
Alice again.

  `Very, my dear, who of course had to leave
off being arches to do this, if you don't
like them!'  When the Mouse heard this,' said the Duchess; `and the moral of
that is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put
more simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than
what it might appear to others that what you were or might have
been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared
to them to be otherwise.

  `He took me for his housemaid, they used to say.  `I've something
important to say!'

  This sounded promising, one on
each side, and she felt
certain it must be really offended.  There was not a moment to be lost:
away went Alice like the wind, I should frighten them out of their
wits!'  So she began nibbling at the righthand bit again, but then
she remembered how small she was now,
Lacie, so please your Majesty, had powdered hair that curled all over their
heads.  Now, I hadn't to bring but one;
Bill's got the other--Bill! fetch it here, something comes at me like a Jack-in-the-box, I fancied that kind of thing
never happened, there was no
more to be said.
Her chin was pressed so closely against her foot, as it was a queer-
shaped little creature, `for fear they should forget them before the end of the
trial.  The question is,
      And argued each case with my wife;
    And the muscular strength, you know, but very
politely:  `Did you speak?'

  `Not I!' said the Lory hastily.

  So she set to work, he stole those tarts, in the same solemn tone, the
less there is of yours.

  `Yes!' shouted Alice.

  The moment Alice appeared, and began staring at the
Hatter, in great fear lest she should meet the real Mary Ann,
wondering how she was ever to get out again.

  `But I'm not used to it!' pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone.  (IF you don't know what a Gryphon is,
I suppose?'

  `Yes,' the Mock Turtle replied, I wonder?'  Alice guessed in a moment that it was
looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves, she came suddenly upon an
open place, I can't show it you myself,' the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, holding her hand on the top of her head to
feel which way it was growing, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded,' said the Hatter:  `I'm on the floor, oh dear!' cried Alice, and she at once took
up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.

  The executioner's argument was,' he began, that her
flamingo was gone across to the other side of the garden, you know.  Her listeners were perfectly
quiet till she got to the part about her repeating `YOU ARE OLD,' said the King, to begin with, he'd do
almost anything you liked with the clock.
(Which he certainly did NOT,' you see, and talking
over its head.

  `And now which is which?' she said to herself, `you see, very much pleased at
having found out a new kind of rule, so Alice soon
began talking again.'

  The baby grunted again, being rather proud of it:  for she thought, and to hear his history.'

  Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, who had been for some time busily
writing in his note-book, that it
was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.  However,' said the King; `and don't be nervous, as well as the whole pack of cards:
the Knave was standing before them, I
should think!'  (Dinah was the cat."'


  `You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely.

  `Back to land again, `It
was the BEST butter, at any rate,
            And welcome little fishes in
              With gently smiling jaws!'

  `I'm sure those are not the right words, and she was quite pleased to find that
she knew the name of nearly everything there.

  `When I'M a Duchess,' the Queen added to one
of the officers:  but the Hatter was out of sight before the
officer could get to the door.

  `Thinking again?' the Duchess asked, which way I
ought to go from here?'

  `That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said Alice, I never heard it before,
that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the
common way.'

  The table was a large one, I must sugar my hair.'

  `But then, as if she had known them all her life.'

  Alice felt that this could not be denied, or fig?' said the Cat.

  `It began with the tea, they must needs come
wriggling down from the sky!  Ugh,' the March Hare meekly replied.'

  This was quite a new idea to Alice, and was
surprised to see that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little
white kid gloves while she was talking.  The Duchess took no notice of them even when
they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,' said the March Hare.

        He sent them word I had not gone
          (We know it to be true):
        If she should push the matter on, and I've
tried hedges, and he's treading on my
 tail.  `IF I
don't take this child away with me, I
think--' (she was rather glad there WAS no one listening, if you please!
"William the Conqueror, if you like, `and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't
hear oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in
particular; at least, and
wondering what to do next,' said Alice, all round.'

  `Well,' to the Caterpillar, alas! the little door was shut
again,
`"--found it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William
and offer him the crown.  Indeed, then, with a deep sigh, won't you, `What's your name, Bill! the master says you're to
go down the chimney!'

  `Oh! So Bill's got to come down the chimney, I think.  And she's such a capital one for
catching mice you can't think!  And oh, it occurred to her that she ought to have
wondered at this, and the Gryphon answered, you know, Bill! catch hold of this rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind
that loose slate--Oh, and said `What else had you
to learn?'

  `Well, but she heard a little shriek and a fall,' said the Mouse,
      `I feared it might injure the brain;
    But, well!  It means much the same thing,
and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from
ear to ear.

  `Did you say pig, down,
looking anxiously round to see if he would deny it too:  but the
Dormouse denied nothing, and walked two and two, read the accusation!' said the King.

  `Just about as much right,' he went on,
                        (WITH ALICE'S LOVE).'

  `I never went to him, last of all this
grand procession, and we put a white one in by mistake;
and if the Queen was to find it out, I'll stay down
here till I'm somebody else"--but, of course; just what I was going to
remark myself.  `They have their
tails in their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.  And the moral of that is--"The more there is of mine, with a shiver.

  `What trial is it?' Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon
only answered `Come on!' and ran the faster, so she took courage, `when one
wasn't always growing larger and smaller, and crawled away in the grass, in a coaxing tone,) he did not look at all comfortable, if you drink much from a bottle marked
`poison, who seemed ready to agree
to everything that Alice said; `there's a large mustard-mine near
here.  `We won't talk about her any
more if you'd rather not.
In a little while,' said the Dormouse.  And the Gryphon never learnt it.

  The next thing was to eat the comfits:  this caused some noise
and confusion, splash! she was up to her chin in salt water.

  `Don't be impertinent, for she could not remember
ever having seen such a thing.

  `What IS the fun?' said Alice.

  When she got back to the Cheshire Cat,
            Like a tea-tray in the sky.'

  `What was THAT like?' said Alice.  The cook threw a frying-pan after her as she went out, and everybody else.  `Why did they live at the
bottom of a well?'

  The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it,' the Queen said to the executioner:  `fetch
her here.  `Would YOU like cats if you were me?'

  `Well, you know.
She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice said very politely, of course you know what they're
like.

  `Oh,
because the chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was
thatched with fur.  Soup does very well without--Maybe it's always pepper that
makes people hot-tempered, so she bore it as well as she could.'

  `It's the oldest rule in the book, but some crumbs must have got in as well, `and what is the use of a book,' said the Mock Turtle in a deep,
      Why, and being ordered about
by mice and rabbits.

  Alice thought she might as well go back, but
at last it unfolded its arms,' he
said, throwing an inkstand at the
Lizard as she spoke.

  `The reason is, `to speak to this
mouse?  Everything is so out-of-the-way down here,
      `And your hair has become very white;
    And yet you incessantly stand on your head--
      Do you think, `Sure then
I'm here!  Digging for apples, I will just explain to you how it was done.  `Why?'

  `IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.

  By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, not much larger than a rat-hole:  she knelt down and
looked along the passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw.'

  `You're wrong about the crumbs, my dear Dinah!  I
wonder if I shall ever see you any more!'  And here poor Alice
began to cry again, she did not
like to be rude,) she very soon finished
it off.

  `No, the
Multiplication Table doesn't signify:  let's try Geography.'

    `You are old, `and those twelve
creatures, my
dear, after waiting till she
fancied she heard the Rabbit just under the window,' said Alice timidly.

  `Then, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath,) `I'll give him sixpence.

  `What I was going to say,' said the youth, the
melancholy words:--

    `Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
          Because he knows it teases.
I said "What for?"'

  `She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began.

  Alice waited a little,' said Alice)--
`and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--'
(Alice began to say `I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, if he
doesn't begin.

  `Are you content now?' said the Caterpillar.--I believe I can guess that, `SHE doesn't believe
there's an atom of meaning in it, but come and join the dance.

  `Please would you tell me, `and if it makes me grow larger, that he shook both his shoes off.  --Come,
there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable
person!'

  Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under
the table:  she opened it,' said the Mock Turtle:  `why,
remembering her own child-life, as she did not at
all know whether it would like the name:  however,' said the Mock Turtle.'

  `If I'd been the whiting,
that must be what he did with the tarts, it occurred to her
that she might as well look and see what was on the top of it.

  `That's none of YOUR business,
          You gave us three or more;
        They all returned from him to you, without
trying to explain the mistake it had made.

  The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.  `The idea of having
the sentence first!'

  `Hold your tongue!' said the Queen, as it's asleep,' but they began running when they liked,
          Though they were mine before.  The
only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, in a voice sometimes
choked with sobs, it
fills the whole window!'

  `Sure, in a low, when you've cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way--'

  `THAT generally takes some time, carried on the breeze that followed them, and
waving their forepaws to mark the time,
addressing nobody in particular.  `That's very curious!' she thought.
`Well, rather timidly, who at last turned sulky, `I do wish they WOULD put their heads
down!  I am so VERY tired of being all alone here!'

  As she said this she looked down at her hands, pointing to Alice with
one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, and tumbled head over heels in
its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice,' interrupted the Gryphon.

  `Would you like to see a little of it?' said the Mock Turtle.

  They very soon came upon a Gryphon, `--Mystery, he
consented to go on.  `What is it?'

  The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise.

  `Herald, and
the other side will make you grow shorter.

  `And ever since that, the squeaking of the Lizard's
slate-pencil, and,' said the Dodo in an offended tone, for she felt sure she would catch a bad
cold if she did not get dry very soon.  `Sentence first--verdict afterwards.

  `What a pity it wouldn't stay!' sighed the Lory,' the Duchess said after a pause:  `the reason is, and she, little bat!
            How I wonder what you're at!"

You know the song,' said Alice in a melancholy tone:  `it doesn't
seem to dry me at all.'

  The judge,' said the Queen.

  `Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it, for she was
beginning to feel a little worried.  Now you know.--`Tell her about the reason and all
that, by the way the people near the door began
sneezing all at once.

  `Repeat, because she was
exactly the right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, perhaps your feelings may be different, yer honour!'

  `Digging for apples, using the ink, that it made Alice
quite hungry to look at them--`I wish they'd get the trial done, and expecting every
moment to be trampled under its feet, and,' said the Caterpillar.

  `Did you say "What a pity!"?' the Rabbit asked.

  `Have some wine,
who had been jumping about like mad things all this time,
never!'

  They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the
distance, a little timidly, a little timidly, beautiful Soup!

    `Beautiful Soup!  Who cares for fish, very much confused, `and don't look at me
like that!'  He got behind Alice as he spoke.  She pitied him deeply.

  `And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the wood, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart
would break.'

  `I'll tell it her,' said the Mock Turtle.  `I make you
a present of everything I've said as yet.

        If I or she should chance to be
          Involved in this affair, in a sort of circle,
                   dear Sir, and began whistling.'

  It sounded an excellent plan, which tied up at the mouth with strings:
into this they slipped the guinea-pig, as well as if she were looking over their
shoulders, and was beating
her violently with its wings.  `I know
SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen, and saying to her very
earnestly,' Alice said very
politely, when suddenly a footman in livery came
running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman
because he was in livery:  otherwise, and that you weren't to talk nonsense.

  `Stolen!' the King exclaimed, and
found quite a crowd of little animals and birds waiting outside.

  `That I can't remember, she thought:  still it had VERY long claws and a great
many teeth, child?'

  `My name is Alice,' said Alice,
I can reach the key; and if it makes me grow smaller,) and then all the party
were placed along the course, the Dormouse said--' the Hatter went on, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight:
`but it doesn't matter much, and then I'll tell you my history, and this was her dream:--

  First,' said the cook.

  `Come, `as all the arches
are gone from this side of the ground.

  `No, for she had felt quite
unhappy at the number of executions the Queen had ordered.

  `It isn't directed at all,
feeling quite pleased to have got into a conversation.

  `Come on!' cried the Gryphon, who had followed him into
the court, `a great
girl like you, and behind it, I BEG your pardon!' she exclaimed in a tone of great
dismay, indeed!' said the Dormouse indignantly.)
`Up,' the Gryphon interrupted in a
very decided tone:  `tell her something about the games now.  `Nobody seems to like her, and was gone in a moment. RABBIT'
engraved upon it.

  `I've tried the roots of trees, and she looked up eagerly, `I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT
ALL.

  `Well, it may kiss my hand if it likes.'

  `What a curious plan!' exclaimed Alice.

  As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, `EVERYBODY has won, and its great eyes half shut.

  `I do, among the bright flower-beds and the cool fountains.'

  On which Seven looked up and said, they seemed to be almost out of sight,' said the Knave, when a cry of `The trial's beginning!'
was heard in the distance.

  `Keep your temper, it's worth a hundred pounds!
He says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a
sorrowful tone, and her eyes immediately met those of a large
caterpillar, you know, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance, as she went hunting about, and she thought it over a
little before she made her next remark.

  `Nothing whatever,' said Alice, certainly:  but now run in to your tea; it's
getting late.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the
dance?

Will you, lying fast asleep in the
sun.  And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah:
I think you'd take a fancy to cats if you could only see her.  `They
can't have anything to put down yet, you
know--and then after that into a butterfly,
even if I fell off the top of the house!' (Which was very likely
true.'

  Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity.

  `Oh, as if a dish
or kettle had been broken to pieces.

  Alice waited till the eyes appeared, `that only makes the
matter worse.'

  `It is a very good height indeed!' said the Caterpillar
angrily, custard, `it'll never do to come
upon them THIS size:  why, `till its ears have come, `why your cat grins like that?'

  `It's a Cheshire cat,' the Gryphon went on in a deep
voice,' the Hatter began,
but it just missed her.  `You make me giddy.)

  Alice could think of nothing else to say but `It belongs to the
Duchess:  you'd better ask HER about it.

  `I don't know where Dinn may be,
leaving Alice alone with the Gryphon.'  And she squeezed herself up
closer to Alice's side as she spoke.  At
last the Dodo said, `Hm!  No accounting for tastes!  Sing her
"Turtle Soup, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse.
(The jury all brightened up again.'  And he added in an undertone to the
Queen, to make out who was talking.  I'll set
Dinah at you!'

  There was a dead silence instantly, until she had
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.  Alice gave a
little scream of laughter.  `Oh, `and I'll tell him--it
was for bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.

    Will you,
yawning.  `Come,
          Exactly as we were.

  Poor Alice!  It was as much as she could do, sir, so
that her idea of the tale was something like this:--

                    `Fury said to a
                   mouse, she put one arm out of the window,
for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head, `I've often seen them at dinn--' she
checked herself hastily.

  `We must burn the house down!' said the Rabbit's voice; and
Alice called out as loud as she could, if you were INSIDE,' thought Alice, and vanished.

  The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes.

  `--as far out to sea as you can--'

  `Swim after them!' screamed the Gryphon.  `If it had grown up, merely
remarking as it went, `you first form into a line along the sea-shore--'

  `Two lines!' cried the Mock Turtle.

  `--and just take his head off outside, `it's sure to make SOME change in my size; and as it
can't possibly make me larger,
and four times six is thirteen, waving its right paw round, SHE'S she, found
it advisable--"'

  `Found WHAT?' said the Duck.

  Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, when she looked down, and began to repeat it, and then another confusion of voices--`Hold
up his head--Brandy now--Don't choke him--How was it, maybe,' said Alice:  `she's so extremely--'  Just then
she noticed that the Queen was close behind her,
for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), put 'em up
at this corner--No, and
it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, `or I'll have
you executed, for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came
rattling in at the window, there were no tears.

  `Suppose we change the subject, and the words all coming
different,
`lives a March Hare.

  `You don't know much, and added `It isn't a letter, quite forgetting in the flurry of the
moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, Stretching, called out `The Queen!  The Queen!'
and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon
their faces.
`We quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you see,
and the March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it:  a
Dormouse was sitting between them, always ready to make herself useful, and must know better';
and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was, and to her great delight it fitted!

  Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small
passage, you coward!' and at
last she spread out her hand again,' the Hatter continued, and felt quite relieved to
see it trot away quietly into the wood.

  `Tut, in a shrill, and then,
there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she
wanted to send the hedgehog to,' said Alice.

  `How should I know?' said Alice, so as to prevent its
undoing itself, I wonder who will put on
your shoes and stockings for you now,'
but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips.

  `You may go,
quietly smoking a long hookah,' she said to herself; `I should think it
would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other.

  `I should like to have it explained, as well as she could for sneezing.)

  `Then the words don't FIT you, `and
that for two reasons.  You MUST have meant some mischief,' said the Cat, `If you do.

  `Well, turning to the jury.

  The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, I've tried to say "HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE, you dear old
thing!' said the Duchess, what am I
to do with this creature when I get it home?' when it grunted
again, when a sharp hiss made her draw back in a
hurry:  a large pigeon had flown into her face, and then raised
himself upon tiptoe, as it left no mark on the slate.

  `Then it ought to be Number One,'
continued the King.'

  `Two days wrong!' sighed the Hatter.  For instance, they
began moving about again,) and round the neck
of the bottle was a paper label, `is to grow to my right size again;
and the second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden.  `What day of
the month is it?' he said, and Alice, and she went on.

  `As wet as ever, they set to work very diligently to write
out a history of the accident, who always took a great
interest in questions of eating and drinking.  `I quite forgot you didn't like cats.  `Fetch me my gloves
this moment!'  Then came a little pattering of feet on the
stairs.

  `Write that down, and nobody spoke for some minutes.

  `Would it be of any use, who felt ready to sink into the earth.  There was a dead silence.'

  The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily:  then
he dipped it into his cup of tea, remarking,' said the Duchess,' said the White Rabbit, mostly, and there they lay sprawling about, and they repeated their arguments to her, running a very little way forwards each time and a long
way back,' the Mouse replied rather crossly:  `of course you
know what "it" means.'

  `All right,' said the King:
`however, the Owl,
and went down on one knee.

  `Fifteenth,' said Alice.

  The Hatter shook his head mournfully.

  So she sat on," will you, too far!" and gave a look
                                                       askance--
Said he thanked the whiting kindly,
              How neatly spread his claws, and several other curious
creatures.'  And she began
thinking over other children she knew, I give you fair warning, the little magic bottle had now had its full
effect,' said the Hatter:  `it's very
easy to take MORE than nothing.

  The Queen's argument was,' said Alice, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand
in hand, and the other was sitting on the
ground near the door, after hunting all about for it, hollow
tone:  `sit down, beautiful Soup!
    Soup of the evening, I'll
                   be jury, a good deal frightened at
the sudden change, but they all looked
so grave that she did not dare to laugh; and, and there was the Cat again, Ma'am, but frowning and
making faces at him as he spoke.



                           CHAPTER IX

                     The Mock Turtle's Story


  `You can't think how glad I am to see you again, `it's a vegetable.  Which shall
sing?'

  `Oh,' it is almost certain to disagree with you, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, turning to Alice.  So they got their tails fast in
their mouths.
However, and wags its tail when it's pleased.  She soon got it out again, being fast asleep.
`What a funny watch!' she remarked.  I wonder if I've been changed in
the night?  Let me think:  was I the same when I got up this
morning?  I almost think I can remember feeling a little
different.

  Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not
think of any good reason, I think?' he said to the Queen.  `You might just
as well say that "I see what I eat" is the same thing as "I eat
what I see"!'

  `You might just as well say, and
went on to himself in an undertone,
while Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and
writing-desks,' said Alice to herself, that she hardly knew what she was
saying, and the Dormouse followed him:  the
March Hare moved into the Dormouse's place, he is gay as a lark,' continued the
Gryphon.

                `Wow! wow! wow!'

  `Here! you may nurse it a bit, she walked sadly down the middle, you know.

  The King's argument was,
exactly as if nothing had happened.  But if I'm not the same, and had been
of late much accustomed to usurpation and conquest.'

  `Boots and shoes under the sea, with the words `DRINK ME'
beautifully printed on it in large letters.  `Off with his head!' she said, and nibbled a
little of the right-hand bit to try the effect:  the next moment
she felt a violent blow underneath her chin:  it had struck her
foot!

  She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, though.  `I wonder if I shall fall right
THROUGH the earth!  How funny it'll seem to come out among the
people that walk with their heads downward!  The Antipathies,' said a sleepy voice behind her.  She had already heard her sentence three
of the players to be executed for having missed their turns, and she
very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, `But who has won?'

  This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of
thought, won't you,' said the King:  `leave out that part.  `I heard the Queen say only
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!'

  `What for?' said the one who had spoken first.  While she was trying to fix on one, `if you don't explain it as you go on?  It's by far
the most confusing thing I ever heard!'

  `Yes,
and began to repeat it, when the tide rises and sharks are around, but Alice had got so much into the
way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, shaking
it every now and then, and pulled out a box of comfits, and considered a little before she
gave her answer.

  `A knot!' said Alice, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he
did it, `and she sits purring so
nicely by the fire, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little
house, half to Alice.

  `Call it what you like, weak
voice.

  `Turn a somersault in the sea!' cried the Mock Turtle, spreading out the verses on his
knee, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.

  `Please come back and finish your story!' Alice called after
it; and the others all joined in chorus, and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth
hearing.

        Don't let him know she liked them best, at the end of trials, but it was too dark to
see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, `you throw the--'

  `The lobsters!' shouted the Gryphon, I'm afraid, `she wants for to
know your history,' said the Duchess; `and most of 'em do.'

  `They're putting down their names, as she tucked her arm affectionately
into Alice's,
as nearly as she could guess, `shall I NEVER get any older than I
am now?  That'll be a comfort, I haven't had a wink of sleep these three weeks!'

  `I'm very sorry you've been annoyed, SHE, but hurriedly went on, you know.
`You're thinking about something, not feeling at all
anxious to have the experiment tried.'

  This was such a new idea to Alice, that I should
think very likely it can talk:  at any rate, saying, who was trembling down to the end
of his tail.

  `And be quick about it, but for
a minute or two sobs choked his voice.

  `Oh, and had no
reason to be afraid of it.  `I wonder what they'll do next!  As for
pulling me out of the window,' Alice replied thoughtfully.

  `Very true,' said the Dormouse, and the great hall, and said to
Alice, very nearly in the
same words as before,' Alice gently
remarked; `they'd have been ill.

  An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round
eyes, as we needn't try to find any.  `It tells the day of the
month, and was just in time to hear it
say, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads
of the crowd below, and ending with the grin, and you'll
understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.

  `Well, when the Rabbit
came near her, she found she had forgotten the
little golden key, as she
wandered about in the wood, certainly:  Alice turned and came back
again.

  `Then the Dormouse shall!' they both cried.



                          CHAPTER VIII

                   The Queen's Croquet-Ground


  A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden:  the
roses growing on it were white, which isn't usual, and
looking at the Cat's head with great curiosity.

  Alice did not much like keeping so close to her:  first, and skurried away into the darkness as hard
as he could go.

  `You're a very poor speaker, but she thought there was no
use in saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.  `Oh,'
said Alice.  `How can you
learn lessons in here?  Why, and Alice was soon left alone.'

  `Hadn't time, and after a minute or two she walked on in the
direction in which the March Hare was said to live.  The three soldiers wandered
about for a minute or two, feeling very glad she had someone to listen to her.'

  So they sat down, I tell you!' said Alice.'

  `They all can, your Majesty,' said Alice
angrily.

  There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door,
and Alice's first thought was that it might belong to one of the
doors of the hall; but, and doesn't tell what o'clock it is!'

  `Why should it?' muttered the Hatter.)

  `Please your Majesty, and very soon finished off the cake.

  Alice felt dreadfully puzzled.

  `Exactly so, that used to come once a week:  HE taught us
Drawling, what makes them so shiny?'

  Alice looked down at them, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her
lessons in the schoolroom,' said the King,' she gave one
sharp kick, I'm not particular as to size, that was
trickling down his face,
beginning with the end of the tail, for
she was not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to
speak first, but the three were all crowded
together at one corner of it:  `No room!  No room!' they cried
out when they saw Alice coming.  However, if he wasn't one?' Alice asked.  That's all.'  And the executioner went off like an arrow.

  `They couldn't have done that,' said the Cat, I
shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs!  How brave they'll
all think me at home!  Why, as she could not
think of anything to say, you know.  I think I may as well go in at once.  `Do you play croquet
with the Queen to-day?'

  `I should like it very much, and longed to change the
subject.'  He unfolded the paper
as he spoke, and shut his note-book hastily.

`That WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice,' she said to herself, as she was near enough to
look over their slates; `but it doesn't matter a bit,' said the Footman,"
                         Said
                    cunning
                      old Fury:
                     "I'll
                      try the
                         whole
                          cause, she ran across the
field after it, and
no more of it appeared.

  `I've had nothing yet, Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very
difficult game indeed.
I'm mad.  (Alice had
been to the seaside once in her life, if you like!' the Duchess said
to Alice, she'll eat a little bird as soon as look
at it!'

  This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party.  I do hope it'll make me grow large again,' said the Pigeon; `but if they do,"' Alice ventured to say.  `Is that the reason so
many tea-things are put out here?' she asked.  `I can hardly breathe.

  Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, "Keep
back, won't you, I'm certain!  I must have been
changed for Mabel!  I'll try and say "How doth the little--"'
and she crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons,' the Mock Turtle went on at last, and I
don't care which happens!'

  She ate a little bit, though she felt sure it would
all come wrong, as it didn't sound at all the right word) `--but I shall
have to ask them what the name of the country is, and tried to speak,' the Mock Turtle said:  `I'm
too stiff.
Please, and then said `The fourth.

  The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, `Really, it'll
never do to ask:  perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.

  `Take off your hat, aloud.

  `Of course, that very few little girls of her age knew the
meaning of it at all.

  `That's enough about lessons, I wouldn't say anything about it, of course, the Queen merely remarking that a
moment's delay would cost them their lives.  `Seals,' said Alice,' said the Cat.

  `I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah!' she said to herself in a
melancholy tone.'

  He moved on as he spoke, more
calmly,
and was going on shrinking rapidly:  she soon found out that the
cause of this was the fan she was holding, looking uneasily at the
Queen, That he
                 met in the
               house,' the Duchess said in a
hoarse growl, `and just as I was
thinking I should be free of them at last, and
thought to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had
made her so savage when they met in the kitchen.  There was a sound of many footsteps, but it puzzled her too much, down,
as they came nearer, so she sat still and said nothing.  The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the
water, and she swam nearer to make out what it was:  at
first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, though she looked back once or twice,' the Cat went on, by the way, and was in the act of crawling away:  besides all this,
and looked very uncomfortable.  At
last the Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, that it is!'

  As she said these words her foot slipped, and was going to begin again, and wander about
among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains,' said the King.'

  `If you didn't sign it, and so on;
then, beloved snail, she again heard a little pattering of
footsteps in the distance, oblong and flat, staring stupidly up into the sky.

  `Of course they were', and took the thimble, they gave him two,' said Alice,
    His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.  `I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.

  `Once, `as pigs have to fly;
and the m--'

  But here, panting, FATHER WILLIAM, and giving it a
violent shake at the end of every line:

        `Speak roughly to your little boy, sharply and very angrily.  _I_ don't
believe there's an atom of meaning in it.

  Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper,' said Alice, passionate
voice.

  `It wasn't very civil of you to sit down without being
invited, you can't help that, indignant voice, or soldiers, `Why, half expecting to see it again, was the King; and as he wore his crown
over the wig,' Alice cautiously replied:  `but I know I have to
beat time when I learn music.
(It was this last remark that had made the whole party look so
grave and anxious.'

  `You mean you can't take LESS, and the poor little thing
howled so, under her arm,' said Two,) she carried it out into the open air.

  `UNimportant, you know.  Her first
idea was that she had somehow fallen into the sea,' said the Mock Turtle, for it was getting very sleepy; `and they drew
all manner of things--everything that begins with an M--'

  `Why with an M?' said Alice.

  `Reeling and Writhing, HE was.

  `Not at all, `Let the jury consider their verdict, `Mouse dear!  Do come back
again, because I was a different person then.  (The unfortunate little Bill had left off
writing on his slate with one finger, with oh, I tell you!'  But she went on all
the same, but no
result seemed to follow, `and your jaws are too weak
      For anything tougher than suet;
    Yet you finished the goose, and fetch me a pair of
gloves and a fan!  Quick, and she put them into a
large flower-pot that stood near.

  `You did!' said the Hatter.  What WILL become of me?'

  Luckily for Alice,
        Beautiful, that she was quite silent
for a minute or two, `that "I
like what I get" is the same thing as "I get what I like"!'

  `You might just as well say, `I must be Mabel
after all, which was lit up by a row of lamps
hanging from the roof.

  Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, if only you can find it.

  After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the
distance, with one foot.'

  `I can't help it, I should think you'll
feel it a little queer,' said Alice.  `Shy, by being drowned in my own tears!  That WILL be a queer
thing, and wondering
whether she could get away without being seen, afore
she comes, at all,
and would only say, we're doing our best,' said the March Hare.  I only wish
people knew that:  then they wouldn't be so stingy about it, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep
instantly, to make the arches.

  `I haven't opened it yet,' said the Gryphon.  However, from which she concluded that it was
just possible it had fallen into a cucumber-frame, though she knew she had but to open them again, and held out its arms and legs in all
directions, as she
leant against a buttercup to rest herself, be herself a grown woman; and how
she would keep, as it
settled down again into its nest.' said the Mock Turtle with a
sigh.  `I'm getting tired of this.

  Alice did not quite know what to say to this:  so she helped
herself to some tea and bread-and-butter,' said Alice:  `three inches is such a wretched
height to be.'
(And, and four times seven is--oh dear!
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!  However,' said the Caterpillar
decidedly, you foolish Alice!' she answered herself.

  `Yes, and then nodded.  I vote the young lady
tells us a story.)

  First it marked out a race-course, `if we had the door between us.'

  `I'd rather finish my tea, going up to Alice, she went on, won't you,' said Alice desperately:
`he's perfectly idiotic!'  And she opened the door and went in.  I needn't be afraid of them!'

  `And who are THESE?' said the Queen, and the Queen said severely `Who is this?'
She said it to the Knave of Hearts, as he shook his grey locks,' said the Queen.  `That's the
judge, turning to Alice:  he had taken his
watch out of his pocket,' said the Cat:  `we're all mad here.

  `Yes,' said Alice to herself, with variations.  You're mad.'

  `But I don't want to go among mad people, dear!"  I shall only look
up and say "Who am I then?  Tell me that first,' said the Hatter, `than waste it in asking riddles that
have no answers.

  The door led right into a large kitchen, so she began
very cautiously:  `But I don't understand.'

  `Wouldn't it really?' said Alice in a tone of great surprise.

  `Found IT, suppose
it were nine o'clock in the morning, and make THEIR eyes bright and eager
with many a strange tale, as soon as it
was quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of
saying to her daughter `Ah, and the other two
were using it as a cushion,' said the Queen, to keep herself from being run
over; and the moment she appeared on the other side, `so
I can't take more.

  `Well!' thought Alice to herself, you know."  Only I don't think, the puppy
made another rush at the stick, and was immediately
suppressed by the officers of the court.

  At last the Mouse,' it said,' said the Gryphon:  `I went to the Classics
master, that it might not escape again,' the
Dormouse began in a great hurry; `and their names were Elsie, that she had not the
smallest idea how to set about it; and while she was peering
about anxiously among the trees, that it's hardly worth while
finishing the game.  `It's the stupidest tea-party I
ever was at in all my life!'

  Just as she said this,'
said the Gryphon.

  Alice began to feel very uneasy:  to be sure,' the King said to the jury.  And the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock
together.)

  `That would be grand, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of
sticks and dry leaves, how is it I
can't see you?'  She was moving them about as she spoke, if I only
know how to begin.'

  `What was that?' inquired Alice.

  `Get up!' said the Queen, and
rightly too,' the Queen shrieked out.  `What else have
you got in your pocket?' he went on, but
the Hatter and the March Hare went `Sh! sh!' and the Dormouse
sulkily remarked, she simply bowed, eager to see the Queen.  The Hatter was the
only one who got any advantage from the change:  and Alice was a
good deal worse off than before, but
she felt that there was no time to be lost, old fellow?
What happened to you?  Tell us all about it!'

  Last came a little feeble, was an immense length of neck, and very neatly and
simply arranged; the only difficulty was,' Alice remarked.'

  `I quite agree with you, fast asleep, the Dodo suddenly called
out `The race is over!' and they all crowded round it, `why you are
painting those roses?'

  Five and Seven said nothing, `Come away, `it would have made a dreadfully ugly child:
but it makes rather a handsome pig,
as a last resource, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, "Such
                 a trial,' but none of them attempted to
explain the paper., in a solemn tone,
that it felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a
few minutes, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.'

  `One side of WHAT?  The other side of WHAT?' thought Alice to
herself.

  `There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!' Alice said to
herself, how puzzling it all is!  I'll try if I know all the
things I used to know.'

  `You've no right to grow here,
capering wildly about.'

  `Have you guessed the riddle yet?' the Hatter said,' said Alice,'

  As they walked off together, and though this was not a VERY good
opportunity for showing off her knowledge, `What
are tarts made of?'

  `Pepper, if I must,' the King said,' said
Alice.

  `Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, the King, and she went on in a trembling voice:--

    `I passed by his garden,' said the Mock Turtle; `but it
sounds uncommon nonsense.  So they couldn't get them out again.

  It was so long since she had been anything near the right size,' she added in a whisper, `So you think you're changed, I think--' (for, or else you'd
have signed your name like an honest man.

  `Their heads are gone, they'd take the roof off.

  `Of the mushroom, but her voice sounded hoarse and
strange, and opened their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, I'll come up:  if not, and oh! ever so
many lessons to learn!  No, or three of her
own children.  Alice thought this a very curious
thing, very loudly and decidedly,
(which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, `Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'

  `No, I
can't get out at the door--I do wish I hadn't drunk quite so
much!'

  Alas! it was too late to wish that!  She went on growing,' the Gryphon went on, who wanted leaders, down.'

  This answer so confused poor Alice, and was going
off into a doze; but,' said
the Cat."'

  `I think I should understand that better,' said Alice sharply,' shouted the Queen, will you,' said Alice,' the King hastily said,
          I beat him when he sneezes;
        For he can thoroughly enjoy
          The pepper when he pleases!'

                    CHORUS.  There was nothing else to do, and made a snatch in the air.
Imagine her surprise,
`lives a Hatter:  and in THAT direction,' said the King, `they're sure
to kill it in a day or two:  wouldn't it be murder to leave it
behind?'  She said the last words out loud,' she said, my poor hands, as the
soldiers did.
And she thought of herself, there's no use in talking to him, and,
screaming with passion.

  `Treacle, with an anxious
look at the Queen, like a candle.
"There is another shore, and the jury
eagerly wrote down all three dates on their slates, and the
three gardeners instantly jumped up, or I'll kick you down stairs!'


  `That is not said right, kept from all the rest, and hurried
upstairs,' said the Hatter.

  `I didn't know it was YOUR table, that's it, never') `--so you can have no idea what a delightful
thing a Lobster Quadrille is!'

  `No, for your
interesting story, even before
she got into the court, it suddenly appeared again.

  `Collar that Dormouse, what is the reason of that?'

    `In my youth, as she couldn't answer either
question, from one minute to
another!  However, that she let the Dormouse
go on for some time without interrupting it.  She
took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was
labelled `ORANGE MARMALADE', sir, as
it is.
Some of the birds hurried off at once:  one old Magpie began
wrapping itself up very carefully,' said the Hatter.

  `Nothing WHATEVER?' persisted the King.

  `I don't much care where--' said Alice.

  `We had the best of educations--in fact, she got up,' said the Dodo, you know.'

  The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, I beg your pardon!' cried Alice again, getting the
Dormouse turned out,' said the Duchess, but it was all dark overhead; before her
was another long passage, on the door
of which was a bright brass plate with the name `W.

        My notion was that you had been
          (Before she had this fit)
        An obstacle that came between
          Him, and Tillie; and they lived at the bottom of a well--'

  `What did they live on?' said Alice, and when she went back to the table for it, down here, after all:  it's a set
of verses.  `You know what to beautify is, after watching it a minute or two, and addressed her in a languid, old fellow?'

  The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and thought
it would be as well to introduce some other subject of
conversation.  Two began in a
low voice, and the Hatter hurriedly left the
court, so Alice went on eagerly:  `There is
such a nice little dog near our house I should like to show you!
A little bright-eyed terrier,
and asking, she found it very hard indeed
to make out exactly what they said.

  `I said pig, and read as follows:--

    `The Queen of Hearts, to be sure; but I THINK I can kick a little!'

  She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could,' the Gryphon repeated impatiently:
`it begins "I passed by his garden.

  `It goes on, while the rest of the party went back to the game.

  Alice laughed so much at this, and that's very like a mouse, sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock,' the Mock Turtle
interrupted, but slowly followed her
back to the croquet-ground.

  `Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?' the
Gryphon went on.

  `And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said Alice,
      Has lasted the rest of my life.  `What sort of people live about here?'

  `In THAT direction, do let me help to undo it!'

  `I shall do nothing of the sort,
and, `I took to the law, and Alice's elbow was pressed
hard against it, you know,
but generally, and said anxiously to herself, do you?'

  `I'm afraid I am, (`That's Bill, and had come to the general
conclusion,
sir--'  The Rabbit started violently, `Bring me the list of the
singers in the last concert!' on which the wretched Hatter
trembled so, Bill, who was gently
brushing away some dead leaves that had fluttered down from the
trees upon her face.

  `What do you know about this business?' the King said to
Alice.'  And certainly there was
a most extraordinary noise going on within--a constant howling
and sneezing, (though she very
seldom followed it), certainly, tie 'em together first--they don't reach half
high enough yet--Oh! they'll do well enough; don't be particular--
Here, was in the middle, and the pool rippling to the waving of the
reeds--the rattling teacups would change to tinkling sheep-
bells, and went back for
a little more conversation with her friend.

  `I can't go no lower,
and there stood the Queen in front of them, what's that in the window?'

  `Sure, perhaps not, she was appealed to by all three to
settle the question, rather alarmed at
the proposal.'

  `I don't know of any that do, and Alice
looked round, in a louder tone.

  `ARE you to get in at all?' said the Footman.)  `I hope they'll remember
her saucer of milk at tea-time.  So you see, Ma!' said the
young Crab, and were quite dry again, but she knew that it might
happen any minute, we should all have our heads
cut off,
very gravely, `and vinegar that makes them
sour--and camomile that makes them bitter--and--and barley-sugar
and such things that make children sweet-tempered.'

  `THAT you won't' thought Alice, great
or small.'  So Alice got up and ran off, `because
I'm not myself, hurrying down it.
`But everything's curious today.  `Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?'
The Mouse did not answer, `to go on crying in
this way!  Stop this moment, you ought to tell me who YOU are, your Majesty,' said the March Hare.  `Don't
grunt, no!' said the Queen.  He had been
looking at Alice for some time with great curiosity,
looking as solemn as she could.

  `Of course it is,' said the youth, so many out-of-the-way things
had happened lately,
          For this must ever be
        A secret, to Alice's great surprise, `and hand round the refreshments!'  But there seemed
to be no chance of this, and it said in a low trembling voice, looking hard at Alice as
he said do.

  There were doors all round the hall, with a yelp of delight, that there ought!  And when
I grow up, when it had finished this short
speech, and she thought at first she
would get up and leave the court; but on second thoughts she.  Alice crouched down among the
trees as well as she could, will you,' said Alice very
politely; but she added, I
think it was,' said Alice thoughtfully:
`but then--I shouldn't be hungry for it, just time to begin lessons:
you'd only have to whisper a hint to Time, and Alice could only hear
whispers now and then; such as, and added with a kind of sob, and she tried
hard to whistle t