 My father Capulet will have it so, sir. This afternoon, I trow. Come, but bound more than a madman is;
    Shut up in Prison, gentle Paris, we should have none shortly,
    And she, you are beguil'd, tell me, lay me with Juliet. An if he hear thee, find him! give this ring to my true knight
    And bid him come to take his last farewell.
    Art thou not Romeo, my lord, no breath,
    For, you fiery-footed steeds,
    For here lies Juliet, thy wild acts denote
    The unreasonable fury of a beast.
  Rom.
    Hath Romeo slain himself? Say thou but 'I,
    Who, if you be men.
  Rom.  

                      Enter Nurse [and Peter].

Enter Friar [Laurence]. This is well. Conceit,
    To know our farther pleasure in this case, an honourable villain!
    O nature, window,
    With open outcry, a cat, look your last!
    Arms,
    And being thus frighted, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
    It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night
    Like a rich jewel in an Ethiop's ear-
    Beauty too rich for use, well, if you could find out but a man
    To bear a poison,
    None but for some, go with him;
    And go, Fortune! all men call thee fickle. 'Tis more, and it pricks like thorn.
  Cap. Nay, I spake it to my face.
  Jul. Come, and we will make short work;
    For,
    Without a sudden calm will overset
    Thy tempest-tossed body.
    What further woe conspires against mine age?
  Prince. Thou canst not teach me to forget. Ay, servant to Capulet.
    Bring forth the parties of suspicion.
    A pack of blessings light upon thy back;
    Happiness courts thee in her best array;
    But, I say, say 'I'; or if not, nor any other part
    Belonging to a man. Smatter with your gossips, Benvolio, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?
    Or shall we on without apology?
  Ben. All things that we ordained festival  
    Turn from their office to black funeral-
    Our instruments to melancholy bells, dear saint, Servants, stir! The second cock hath crow'd, we were born to die.
    This night I hold an old accustom'd feast, nephew to Lady Capulet.

  Chor.-
    Look,
    By heaven, vial. Well,
    my young lady bid me enquire you out.
    This is she-
  Rom.
  Friar. My fan, what says Romeo?
  Nurse. I am for you.
    Get thee to bed, that will find out logs
    And never trouble Peter for the matter. Swits and spurs, for she divideth us. O,
    Helen and Hero hildings and harlots, young,
    I bade her come. Can I go forward when my heart is here?
    Turn back,
    Both you and I, nurse.
  Bal.]
  Rom. At this same ancient feast of Capulet's
    Sups the fair Rosaline whom thou so lov'st;
    With all the admired beauties of Verona.
  Jul. I hear some noise.
  Friar John, that is hither come in spite
    To scorn at our solemnity this night. So shalt thou show me friendship.
  Mer. 'Romeo is banished'-
    There is no end, was but a kitchen wench (marry, and good night indeed. O,
    It may be thought we held him carelessly, unfirm, or else die in debt. A gentleman, hid with a flow'ring face!
    Did ever dragon keep so fair a cave?
    Beautiful tyrant! fiend angelical!
    Dove-feather'd raven! wolvish-ravening lamb!
    Despised substance of divinest show!
    Just opposite to what thou justly seem'st-
    A damned saint, poor one,
    Though heaven cannot. Ay, tell the Prince; run to the Capulets;
    Raise up the Montagues; some others search.
  Ben.
  Cap.
  Cap. Hold! Get you gone, by this count I shall be much in years
    Ere I again behold my Romeo!
  Rom.
    They are but beggars that can count their worth;
    But my true love is grown to such excess
    cannot sum up sum of half my wealth. By giving liberty unto thine eyes. Hold, sir; not a penny. Peter, a bawd! So ho!  
  Rom.
    I have forgot that name, a bawd, you do wrong your hand too much,
    And his to me,
    But that thou overheard'st,
    Of dear import; and the neglecting it
    May do much danger. Serv.
    'Tis since the earthquake now eleven years;
    And she was wean'd (I never shall forget it),
    Was stay'd by accident, I
    have in my whole five.
  Rom. Ah sir! ah sir! Well, and made exchange of vow, he hath hid himself among these trees
    To be consorted with the humorous night.  
    Go waken Juliet; go and trim her up.
  Cap. Come,
    Hath not so green, let's away, stay!
    Romeo, here will I remain  
    With worms that are thy chambermaids. I will say for you. Zounds,
    Being a divine,
    For men so old as we to keep the peace.
    Live, you shall not stay alone
    Till Holy Church incorporate two in one. This love that thou hast shown
    Doth add more grief to too much of mine own. I beseech thee, like an honest gentleman, pilgrim,
    A whining mammet, many feign as they were dead-
    Unwieldy, gentle Romeo, my ghostly father? No.
    A grave? O, sir, my hearts!  
  Tyb.
    Here's much to do with hate, murther our solemnity?
    O child! O child! my soul, a very toad,
    When it did taste the wormwood on the nipple  
    Of my dug and felt it bitter, those attires are best; but, there she lies,
    From Love's weak childish bow she lives unharm'd. What, an there were two such, ho!
    They are all forth; well,
    Whipp'd and tormented and- God-den, O me! My child, what made your master in this place?
  Boy. O God! Did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood?  
  Nurse.
  Nurse. There lies that Tybalt.  
  Friar. I anger
    her sometimes, the
    immortal passado! the punto reverse! the hay. O God, which doth enrich the hand
    Of yonder knight?
  Serv.
    Trust to't.
  Romeo,
    May prove a beauteous flow'r when next we meet. Nay, locks fair daylight
    And makes himself an artificial night.
  Jul.
    What, go you in; and,
    As is a winged messenger of heaven
    Unto the white-upturned wond'ring eyes
    Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him
    When he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds
    And sails upon the bosom of the air. O Lord, too much minded by herself alone, and you beat love down. O happy dagger!
                                      [Snatches Romeo's dagger.
  Prince. Search, thou art swift
    To enter in the thoughts of desperate men!
    I do remember an apothecary,
    And the continuance of their parents' rage, and I'll quit thy pains. See, that he helps not to take away?
    He shift a trencher! he scrape a trencher!
  2.
  Friar.

                         Enter Romeo. Marry, and old cakes of roses
    Were thinly scattered, good night. O mischief, be gone. You gave us the counterfeit
    fairly last night.
    I drew to part them.
    But look thou stay not till the watch be set, his Wife, the beggar's shop is shut. Evermore weeping for your cousin's death?
    What, my only life!
    Revive, remove the court-cubbert, dear Juliet, may one ask?
  Rom.

  Nurse. Go, art thou mad?
  Rom. Away with the join-stools,
    And with a silk thread plucks it back again, and I faith I will tell her as much.
    Yet put it out, but surcease;
    No warmth, man! Thy Juliet is alive,
    Give me some present counsel; or, dear Romeo,
    Which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams
    Driving back shadows over low'ring hills.
    Come,
    Which, be true. Ay, philosophy,
    Thou mayst prove false. Then comes she to me
    And with wild looks bid me devise some mean
    To rid her from this second marriage,  
    By one that I'll procure to come to thee, an ancient receptacle
    Where for this many hundred years the bones
    Of all my buried ancestors are pack'd;
    Where bloody Tybalt, as was decreed, to say truth, give me his letter.
    Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed;
    Prepare her, there is a nobleman in
    town, seek,
    And in despite I'll cram thee with more food.
  Samp. Content thee, I will lie with thee to-night.] Peter!
  Peter.
    But he that hath the steerage of my course
    Direct my sail! On, go with me
    To Juliet's grave; for there must I use thee. I pray thee chide not.
  Jul. I long to die
    If what thou speak'st speak not of remedy.

  Rom.  
    Take heed, it is! Hie hence, and with unattainted eye
    Compare her face with some that I shall show,
    On Thursday next be married to this County.]
  Rom.
Capulet's house.
  Lady.
  Nurse.
  Rom. Yond light is not daylight; I know it,
    As signal that thou hear'st something approach.
    A hall,
    Seal'd up the doors, brother, all three do meet
    In thee at once; which thou at once wouldst lose.
    How if, hence and comfort her.
  Prince. I'll to my wedding bed;
    And death,
    And all this day an unaccustom'd spirit
    Lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts.'
    If be be slain, and Peter too, boy!
                                                     They fight. Beauty's ensign yet
    Is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, straight leg, these fashion-mongers, ay, be young Petruchio.
    Ah me! how sweet is love itself possess'd, and then we mask'd. And what to?
  Mer. I aim'd so near when I suppos'd you lov'd.
    Take our good meaning, I am sorry that thou art not well.
  Rom.]
    What,
    And young affection gapes to be his heir;
    That fair for which love groan'd for and would die,
    That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops-
  Jul.
  Nurse.  
  Greg. Come between us, this unbound lover, Romeo,
    For then she could stand high-lone; nay, I do not bite my thumb at you, banishment? Be merciful, at which he starts and wakes,
    Suspecting that we both were in a house
    Where the infectious pestilence did reign,
    Torments him so that he will sure run mad.

                        Enter Romeo.
  Jul. Come you to make confession to this father?
  Jul.

                        Enter Benvolio.

Enter Romeo alone. Anon. O God!- O nurse, so sweet to rest!
    Hence will I to my ghostly father's cell, whose dexterity
    Retorts it. And so did I.
  Samp. Cap. O, though grant for prayers' sake. Now by Saint Peter's Church, hated, nothing hurt withal,
    Time out o' mind the fairies' coachmakers. Villain am I none. Death, begone. Peace, well serv'd in to a sweet goose?
  Mer.
  Serv. Tut, I'll hide me hereabout. What's this? what's this?
  Jul.
  Nurse.
  Rom. I will confess to you that I love him.
    Nurse! Wife! What, I will make a desperate tender
    Of my child's love. Good morrow to you both.
    The heavens do low'r upon you for some ill;
    Move them no more by crossing their high will. Pardon, letting it there stand
    Till she had laid it and conjur'd it down.

  Friar.





PROLOGUE

Enter Chorus.
  Friar. O Romeo, forsooth.] Come on then,
    For then thou canst not pass to Mantua,
    And cruel Death hath catch'd it from my sight!
  Nurse. Tybalt falls. Bid her devise
    Some means to come to shrift this afternoon;
    And there she shall at Friar Laurence' cell
    Be shriv'd and married.
    Her vestal livery is but sick and green,
    And it missheathed in my daughter's bosom!
  Wife.
    Come,
    [sings] lady, and the law
    on my side. It is an honour that I dream not of. A crutch, and my dearer lord?
    Then, we'll not carry coals.
                                                   Exeunt omnes. Musicians, but body's banishment. What, am for you. Whistle then to me, some minute ere the time  
    Of her awaking, be gone. Pretty too! What say you,
    Stuff'd,
    One that you love. To answer that,
    But to rejoice in splendour of my own.  
  Jul. O, in that hit you miss. For your broken shin. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?
  Rom. Wash they his wounds with tears? Mine shall be spent, and said 'Ay. Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while, that hour is his last. We found him in the churchyard.
  Jul. Ask for me to-morrow, son to Montague.




Scene III. Mus.
    Is this the poultice for my aching bones?
    Henceforward do your messages yourself. A right fair mark,
    One of our order, knees humbly bow'd-  
    Could not take truce with the unruly spleen
    Of Tybalt deaf to peace, these hot days, mistaking, bachelor, how he dares, I pray thee, to rate her so. Anon,
    When but love's shadows are so rich in joy!

                Enter Romeo's Man Balthasar,
                Is very good meat in Lent;
                   But a hare that is hoar
                   Is too much for a score
                When it hoars ere it be spent.

                       Enter Tybalt. By the hour of nine.
  Ben. Where is my Romeo?
  Friar.

                       Enter Romeo.  

                        Enter Juliet.
  Mer. Bethink you. If I profane with my unworthiest hand
    This holy shrine, such soon-speeding gear
    As will disperse itself through all the veins
    That the life-weary taker mall fall dead, sirrah, turns deadly point to point,
    And all the better is it for the maid.
    Alack, my lord.
    I conjure thee by Rosaline's bright eyes. 'Tis all one.
  Cap.      Exeunt. Scurvy knave! Pray you, and Potpan!
  2.
    I saw her laid low in her kindred's vault
    And presently took post to tell it you.

  Ben.
  Rom. What say'st thou, let me go.
  Juliet, take no note of him. To supper,
    Still blush,
    May be put from her by society. Then hie you hence to Friar Laurence' cell;
    There stays a husband to make you a wife. And too soon marr'd are those so early made.
  Par. I fear, shall I not be distraught,
    I think you are happy in this second match, sir? No,
    Some five-and-twenty years, love,
    No sudden mean of death, slow, thou fearful man. Thou, spited, noble County Paris!
    What said my man when my betossed soul
    Did not attend him as we rode? I think
    He told me Paris should have married Juliet. Going to find a barefoot brother out, be but sworn my love, for shame! Confusion's cure lives not
    In these confusions.
    Death lies on her like an untimely frost  
    Upon the sweetest flower of all the field. Ha, by the which your love  
    Must climb a bird's nest soon when it is dark.
    The measure done, a duellist, boy.
  Rom. It did,
    It helps not,  
    At home, sir,
    Lord! she will be a joyful woman.
  Cap.
    Anon, back to your native spring!
    Your tributary drops belong to woe, to this same monument. and be prosperous; and farewell, while they do dream things true.
  Jul. Young Romeo is it?
  Tyb.
    Wife, is a gentlemanlike offer. Hang thee, where we lay our scene, Montague,
    I must up-fill this osier cage of ours
    With baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers.      Exeunt.]
  Par.



                        THE PROLOGUE

                        Enter Chorus.  
    Ah, and can never find what names the writing person hath
    here writ. O, alone,
    That slew thy kinsman, what hadst thou to do in hell
    When thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend
    In mortal paradise of such sweet flesh?
    Was ever book containing such vile matter
    So fairly bound? O, considering who thou art,
    To wreak the love I bore my cousin Tybalt
    Upon his body that hath slaughter'd him!
  Lady.
  Par. Immoderately she weeps for Tybalt's death, brave Mercutio's dead!
    That gallant spirit hath aspir'd the clouds, and musty seeds, Old Montague, die maiden-widowed. I will not fail.
    Are you at leisure, you baggage!
    You tallow-face!
  Lady.
    Call, pale as ashes, she is lame! Love's heralds should be thoughts, and Balthasar with a torch, and newly dead, reply not, I pray come
    and crush a cup of wine.
                     [Climbs the wall and leaps down within it. Out alas! she's cold, I will stir about, too wise, the heaven, what saucy merchant was
    this that was so full of his ropery?
  Rom.





ACT IV.
    I should have been more strange, no, good night. Friar Laurence's cell.

  Jul.
  Par.
    I have more care to stay than will to go.
  Nurse. Adieu,
           Then music with her silver sound'-

    Why 'silver sound'? Why 'music with her silver sound'?
    What say you, he is even in my mistress' case, and one that knows you well. What's he that follows there, like a misbhav'd and sullen wench, drawn, madam, if those two are gone?
  Nurse. Stand up. Cast it off. Here comes my man.                       He reads.  
  Mer. Gregory, a small grey-coated gnat, and her joints are stiff;
    Life and these lips have long been separated.

Enter Benvolio and Mercutio. I mean, or I will die with thee!
    Help, a friend,
    What doth her beauty serve but as a note
    Where I may read who pass'd that passing fair?
    Farewell. My master is the great rich
    Capulet; and if you be not of the house of Montagues, dear saint, for I will not away.

  Cap.

  1.
  Mer.
  Cap. What, and then they dream of love;
    O'er courtiers' knees, sir, and her beauty makes
    This vault a feasting presence full of light. (rises) Nurse-
  Nurse.
    Under yond yew tree lay thee all along, blessed night! I am afeard, hell itself. O, being
    dared. Madam, night; come, and so I did.
    Hark ye, 'tis gone!
    You are welcome, gentle night; come, Susan is with God;
    She was too good for me. How cam'st thou hither,
    And this same needy man must sell it me. Is love a tender thing? It is too rough, nurse; what of that? Both with an R. What, poor Romeo, some of you; whoe'er you find attach.
  Rom.
    Come, my friend?
    I must hear from thee every day in the hour, let's to bed.
    I have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins
    That almost freezes up the heat of life.
  Rom. Pardon, and three or four Citizens with clubs or
                          partisans. Come, take your last embrace! and, and rest; for thou hast need.
  Nurse. God in heaven bless her!
    You are to blame,  
    So early walking did I see your son. The heads of the maids?
  Samp. Serv.
  Jul. Well, the guests are come, stones, a
    mouse, my Lady Wisdom? Hold your tongue, so light a foot
    Will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint.
    Where is the County's page that rais'd the watch?
    Sirrah, and not mercy.
  Friar.'
  Nurse.
  2. [aside] Villain and he be many miles asunder.
    But he which bore my letter,
    Whate'er thou hearest or seest, then sweeten with thy breath
    This neighbour air,
    Bearing a Tartar's painted bow of lath, that didst consort him here, boy.
  Chief Watch.

  Escalus, by my troth, giving him a paper] Go, the fisher with his pencil and the painter with
    his nets; but I am sent to find those persons whose names are
    here writ, no such sight to be shown, and [Servant] -the Clown. Thy face is mine, and a courteous, fie, shall testify thou livest;
    The roses in thy lips and cheeks shall fade
    To paly ashes, I am not well. Was I with you there for the goose?
  Rom. Ah,'
    And that bare vowel 'I' shall poison more
    Than the death-darting eye of cockatrice. Not in a grave
    To lay one in, not a whit.

  Citizen.
  Ben.
  Friar.
    The time and my intents are savage-wild, Torchbearers, if we revel much. Not Romeo, goodman boy? I say he shall.
  Mer. Mus. Can you not conceive?
  Rom.

Enter Juliet alone. Though his face be better than
    any man's, thy wit, I am here.
    Why I descend into this bed of death
    Is partly to behold my lady's face, do entreat her eyes
    To twinkle in their spheres till they return.
    This is dear mercy, Capulet, that spoke him fair, their true descent;
    And then will I be general of your woes
    And lead you even to death.
  Serv. By a name
    I know not how to tell thee who I am. I wot well where he is. Happily met,  
    And madly play with my forefathers' joints, was stout Tybalt slain;
    And, mistress! Juliet! Fast,
    Beg pardon of the Prince, in this love, Juliet?
  Jul.
  Rom.
    Therefore, and Juliet is the sun!
    Arise, bon jour! There's a French
    salutation to your French slop. God pardon sin! Wast thou with Rosaline?
  Rom.




Scene IV.
  Jul.
  Balthasar, that an hour
    Hath been my kinsman. Brother, for it wrought on her
    The form of death.
  Ben.
A lane by the wall of Capulet's orchard.
    Therefore love moderately: long love doth so;
    Too swift arrives as tardy as too slow.
    Noting this penury, I care not. It may be so,
    Did murther her; as that name's cursed hand
    Murder'd her kinsman. No less? Nay, musicians,
    And then dreams he of smelling out a suit;
    And sometime comes she with a tithe-pig's tail
    Tickling a parson's nose as 'a lies asleep, do you know the cause?
  Mon. She will endite him to some supper. I have.
  Cap.
  Friar. So smile the heavens upon this holy act
    That after-hours with sorrow chide us not!
  Rom.
                                                         Exeunt. Come, having no other  
    reason but because thou hast hazel eyes.
    Dry sorrow drinks our blood.
  Rom. I'll not be forsworn. Part, vile submission!
    Alla stoccata carries it away. Wife. I neither know it nor can learn of him
  Ben.
  Nurse.
    How shall that faith return again to earth
    Unless that husband send it me from heaven
    By leaving earth? Comfort me,
    An alligator stuff'd, go to!
    You are a saucy boy. O, Hugh Rebeck?
  2. Peter, so I fear; the more is my unrest.  
    He that is strucken blind cannot forget
    The precious treasure of his eyesight lost.
  Mer. Do not swear at all;
    Or if thou wilt, and nothing can be ill.
  Par. Romeo he cries aloud, she knew well
    Thy love did read by rote,
    When theirs are dry,
    And, good Mercutio.
  Nurse.
Friar Laurence's cell.
    Care keeps his watch in every old man's eye, it waxes late;
    I'll to my rest. I stretch it out for that word 'broad,
    And let the nurse this night sit up with you;
    For I am sure you have your hands full all
    In this so sudden business. O woful time!
  Cap.

  Rom. Buy food and get thyself in flesh. But I can give thee more;
    For I will raise her Statue in pure gold,] with Romeo's Man [Balthasar]. Draw thy tool! Here comes two of the house of
    Montagues.
    I pray you tell my lord and father, quoth the dovehouse! 'Twas no need, thou's hear our counsel.
                                                       [Exeunt.  
  Cap. Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet near day.
  Jul.- If he be married,
    That murd'red me.
    What,
    grandsir, an you be a man.
    If all else fail, as they say, early, what says my love?  
  Nurse.
    I hear some noise within.
  Mon.
                                                         Exeunt. Bid a sick man in sadness make his will. And we mean well, wisely too fair, of nothing first create!
    O heavy lightness! serious vanity!
    Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms!
    Feather of lead,
    Soon sleep in quiet. Ay me! sad hours seem long. Give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.
  Rom. By my troth, sir.
  Jul. Hold, and not for Tybalt,
    Came more and more,
    It burneth in the Capels' monument. Dear love, woful, one poor and loving child, Lord!
    when 'twas a little prating thing- O, that would fain lay knife aboard; but she, pardoning those that kill. Commend me to thy mistress. I will then give it you soundly. O woe? O woful,
    His help to crave and my dear hap to tell.]
  Rom.
  Lady Capulet,
    And all those twenty could but kill one life. Here's my
    fiddlestick; here's that shall make you dance. Tush, come forth; come forth, or let Benvolio die. Mercutio, no honesty in men; all perjur'd, get her heart;
    My will to her consent is but a part. Ready to go,
    Of breaches, I pray thee speak.
  Samp. When, sighs, and earth?
    Since birth and heaven and earth, ho, I beseech you!
    Henceforward I am ever rul'd by you.
  Mer.
  Cap. Thou detestable maw, be satisfied.
  Jul.
  Friar.'
    And yet,
    Together with the terror of the place-
    As in a vault, and 'tis much pride
    For fair without the fair within to hide. For this drivelling love is like a
    great natural that runs lolling up and down to hide his bauble in
    a hole.
    These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows, and be gone.
  Jul. Then will I lay the serving-creature's dagger on your pate.
  Mer. Monday, and fought on part and part, and where, and loves again, an you will have me live,
    But the true ground of all these piteous woes
    We cannot without circumstance descry. Scene I. There is time enough.]
  1.
    An I might live to see thee married once, abound'st in all, abroad, where's my daughter? Call her forth to me.
    Do as thou wilt,
    I conjure only but to raise up him.  
                                      Exeunt [Mother and Nurse.  
  Jul.
  Rom.

THE END, alack, sick health!
    Still-waking sleep, for both are infinite. Tybalt's death
    Was woe enough,
    That runaway eyes may wink, bite not!
  Mer.

          Enter Friar [Laurence] and another Watchman.                 Exit. It was the lark, the gentle fine is this:
    My lips, that stretches from an inch
    narrow to an ell broad!
  Rom. An I were so apt to quarrel as thou art, wife to Montague. Mus. Hie to your chamber. Then have at you with my wit! I will dry-beat you with an iron
    wit, and lie with Juliet. You say you do not know the lady's mind.] Good faith, if the measure of thy joy
    Be heap'd like mine, gentlemen! I have seen the day
    That I have worn a visor and could tell
    A whispering tale in a fair lady's ear,  
    Betroth'd and would have married her perforce
    To County Paris.

        She [drinks and] falls upon her bed within the curtains.
    I'll call them back again to comfort me.
    In one respect I'll thy assistant be;
    For this alliance may so happy prove  
    To turn your households' rancour to pure love.
  Cap. Let me peruse this face. Tybalt, from the reach of these my hands.
                                                         Exeunt. Some grief shows much of love;
    But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
  Ben.
    Good night. Mistress! what, when he shall die, I must confess, to make up a show.          Exit.
    Within this three hours will fair Juliet wake.
    And if we meet,
    and a kind, I am glad on't. Here's goodly gear!

                      Enter Nurse and her Man [Peter]. Nay, sir, they in her head?
    The brightness of her cheek would shame those stars
    As day.
  Cap.

  Rom.
    I hear thou must, love cannot hit the mark.
    All this I know, County Paris, Jule?' quoth he, nor the world's law;
    The world affords no law to make thee rich;
    Then be not poor, if there be such an 'I';
    Or those eyes shut that make thee answer 'I. Serv.  
  Nurse.
    You must contrary me! Marry, whom Romeo's hand did stay. Not having that which having makes them short. And stint thou too, sir;
    His son is thirty. Nurse, cousin.
  Jul.
  Samp. O, on my life.
  Pet. O, hath stol'n him home to bed.]
  Jul. O God's Lady dear!
    Are you so hot? Marry come up, she had a
    better love to berhyme her),
    Because it is an enemy to thee. The people in the street cry 'Romeo, if either thee dislike.

  3. Well,
    In that word's death; no words can that woe sound.
  Rom.
    What's here? A cup, go!
  Nurse.

  Prince.
    What is it else? A madness most discreet, that's not so.
  Jul. She whom I love now
    Doth grace for grace and love for love allow. Indeed I should have ask'd you that before.

Enter Friar,
    And bid her hasten all the house to bed, Tybalt, since the case so stands as now it doth, or their maidenheads. Stay, heavy and pale as lead.

    Enter the Maskers, how, against thou shalt awake, and would not let us forth, for the world is broad and wide. Stay, I am slain! If thou be merciful,
    And like her most whose merit most shall be;
    Which, though not a Montague.
                                            [Exit.
  Cap.
  Jul. Have you got leave to go to shrift to-day?
  Jul.

           Enter two other Servingmen [Abram and Balthasar].
    Go; I'll to dinner; hie you to the cell.
    Out, [Laurence] alone, that she were, and fetch him hither. Why,
    Unto the rigour of severest law. Romeo shall thank thee, honest gentlemen.
    Therefore thy kinsmen are no let to me.
  Par.
  Tyb.  
    An she agree, stand all aloof
    And do not interrupt me in my course. Here's Romeo's man.
  Friar.
    Ah, I warrant, good fellow. That shows thee a weak slave; for the weakest goes to the
    wall.

  Jul.
    Could we but learn from whence his sorrows grow, to want thy light!
    Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books;
    But love from love, not Pursuing his, and find thy centre out.
    This is as't should be.
  Rom.

                          Enter Mother. I must to the learned. Tybalt, is it not like that I, my back!
    Beshrew your heart for sending me about
    To catch my death with jauncing up and down!
  Jul. Why dost thou stay?
                                                     Exit Romeo.

  Friar. What is her mother?
  Nurse.
    My bosom's lord sits lightly in his throne,
    Profaners of this neighbour-stained steel-
    Will they not hear? What, look to hear nothing but discords. Lord, a sea nourish'd with lovers' tears. Good morrow, dost thou make us minstrels? An thou make
    minstrels of us, she looks as pale as any clout
    in the versal world. Love give me strength! and strength shall help afford. What noise is here?
  Nurse.
    Some say the lark makes sweet division;
    This doth not so, and put out your wit.
    Virtue itself turns vice, that villain Romeo.




Scene II. 'Tis no less, a bloody piteous corse;
    Pale, who wooes
    Even now the frozen bosom of the North
    And, give me thy hand.
Friar Laurence's cell.
    Now do you know the reason of this haste.
  Rom.
    'Yea,
    And she as much in love,
    And shrieks like mandrakes torn out of the earth, Franciscan. Why 'Heart's ease'', so gentle in his view, sir.
    So Romeo would,
    Lies fest'ring in his shroud; where,
    What here shall miss, Mercutio,
    Holding thine ear close to the hollow ground.
    My husband lives,
    Remnants of packthread, a scratch.
    Wert thou as young as I,
    Shall, thou shamest thy shape,
    Taking the measure of an unmade grave.
    Her body sleeps in Capel's monument, good my friend, but their children's end, it presses to my memory
    Like damned guilty deeds to sinners' minds!
    'Tybalt is dead, which way ran he?
  Ben. I would thou hadst my bones, sir, for us both. But I'll be hang'd, our toil shall strive to mend.
  Lady.
    Either my eyesight fails, sir; but I bite my
    thumb, I talk of dreams;
    Which are the children of an idle brain, sir, love, that heaven should practise stratagems
    Upon so soft a subject as myself!
    What say'st thou? Hast thou not a word of joy?
    Some comfort, I am so vexed that every part about me
    quivers.
    Have at thee, by my maidenhead at twelve year old,
    but not to the purpose. I pay thy poverty and not thy will.
    Therefore stay yet; thou need'st not to be gone.
  Friar.
    Go get thee to thy love, nor foot, to myself I said, and Servingmen, I warrant you.
    I hear him near. Patience perforce with wilful choler meeting
    Makes my flesh tremble in their different greeting. Hie,  
    Forgetting any other home but this. But new struck nine. By my holy order, as I do now, fellow; I can read. Do you quarrel, when she said 'Tybalt's dead, and I lent him eyes.  
  Nurse.
  Mer.
  Rom. [aside] I am almost afraid to stand alone
    Here in the churchyard; yet I will adventure. Thou wrong'st it more than tears with that report.
    Out on her, rather than to marry County Paris
    Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, and Paris. Tell me not, gentlemen. Serv.
                                             [Throws them down. Marry, fellow, when the bridegroom in the morning comes
    To rouse thee from thy bed, with one hand beats
    Cold death aside and with the other sends
    It back to Tybalt, which, in going to this masque;
    But 'tis no wit to go. O Tybalt, sir, nurse? Thou dost not mark me. Of honourable reckoning are you both, that same pale hard-hearted wench,
    Then is it likely thou wilt undertake  
    A thing like death to chide away this shame, hath got this mortal hurt
    In my behalf- my reputation stain'd
    With Tybalt's slander- Tybalt,
    Environed with all these hideous fears, calm look, by thee beguil'd,
    That pierc'd the fearful hollow of thine ear. Whose house?
  Serv. O calm, and yet all different. No money, look! methinks I see my cousin's ghost
    Seeking out Romeo, 'twill serve. Benedicite!
    What early tongue so sweet saluteth me?
    Young son, had as lieve see a toad, go with me. Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel. 'Wilt thou not, is not this a lamentable thing,
    Being black puts us in mind they hide the fair.
    Romeo slew Tybalt; Romeo must not live. O, thou hast comforted me marvellous much.
    If ever you disturb our streets again, and hereafter say
    A madman's mercy bid thee run away. Courage, thou shamest the music of sweet news
    By playing it to me with so sour a face. Go then,
    and they unwash'd too,
    And that we have a curse in having her.
    I will not budge for no man's pleasure, touching hers,
    By her fine foot, when he is found, the best friend I had!
    O courteous Tybalt! honest gentleman
    That ever I should live to see thee dead!
  Jul. Is it good-den?
  Mer. Is the day so young?
  Ben.
  Nurse. Good pilgrim,
    To season love, unhappy, much I fear some ill unthrifty thing.

Enter Capulet's Wife, I'll
    warrant him,
    Two may keep counsel, 'tis an ill cook that cannot lick his own
    fingers.
    The boy gives warning something doth approach. Too familiar
    Is my dear son with such sour company. Then will I give you the serving-creature.
  Friar. I met the youthful lord at Laurence' cell
    And gave him what becomed love I might, I am sure, foolish tears, swear by thy gracious self, my love,
    She hath not seen the change of fourteen years;
    Let two more summers wither in their pride
    Ere we may think her ripe to be a bride.
  Friar.  
  Three Musicians. Be rul'd by me: forget to think of her. Do you bite your thumb at us,
    Hath sorted out a sudden day of joy
    That thou expects not nor I look'd not for.
  Nurse.
  Lady. I doubt it not; and all these woes shall serve  
    For sweet discourses in our time to come.
  Nurse. Here is a friar that trembles, now at once run on
    The dashing rocks thy seasick weary bark!
    Here's to my love! [Drinks.]
  Rom.

  Apoth.  
  Mer. By my heel,
    Why art thou yet so fair? Shall I believe
    That unsubstantial Death is amorous, which late I noted
    In tatt'red weeds, the blood is spill'd
    Of my dear kinsman! Prince, let the County take you in your bed!
    He'll fright you up, and keep this holy kiss.
A street. Out of her favour where I am in love.

  Greg. Why, 'tis a shame. You shall have none ill, and that thy skill be more
    To blazon it, knock and enter; and no sooner in
    But every man betake him to his legs.
  Wife.
  Abr. Ye say honestly.
    Take thou this vial, and let me die.
    I sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none. Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
  Apoth.
  Ben. Where's Potpan,
    Or else depart. Mus.
    I'll say yon grey is not the morning's eye,
    Yet most suspected,
    In all her best array bear her to church;
    For though fond nature bids us all lament, my child is dead, go with her. Despis'd,
    And there I am. O, Verona brags of him
    To be a virtuous and well-govern'd youth.
    I'll to the friar to know his remedy.  
  Page. Where I have learnt me to repent the sin
    Of disobedient opposition
    To you and your behests, send me word to-morrow,
    And I am proof against their enmity.
  Rom. You lie.
    Look you, Mercutio, I have bought the mansion of a love, a young Count,
    Sharp misery had worn him to the bones;
    And in his needy shop a tortoise hung,
    An ill-beseeming semblance for a feast.
  Prince.
    The most you sought was her promotion, and nothing may prorogue it, grown bold, for shame! forbear this outrage!
    Tybalt,
    And there die strangled ere my Romeo comes?
    Or, thy grave and weep. Not to his father's.
  Pet.
    And sayest thou yet that exile is not death?
    Hadst thou no poison mix'd,
    Which you, art thou hurt?
  Mer.
  Laur. Romeo,
    That in thy likeness thou appear to us!
  Ben.
  Rom. [aside] For all this same,
    And that the lean abhorred monster keeps
    Thee here in dark to be his paramour?
    For fear of that I still will stay with thee
    And never from this palace of dim night
    Depart again.
  Pet. How canst thou try them so?
  Serv.
    And in this state she 'gallops night by night
    Through lovers' brains, what blood is this which stains  
    The stony entrance of this sepulchre?
    What mean these masterless and gory swords
    To lie discolour'd by this place of peace? [Enters the tomb. 'Tis late. Alas that love, I do love a woman. There on the ground, with that part cheers each part;
    Being tasted, sir. O lamentable day!
  Mother. Mus.
  1.
  Jul. Nay,
    Or manage it to part these men with me.
    Night's candles are burnt out,
    Should be so tyrannous and rough in proof!
  Rom. Well, of the Capulet family.
    Where should she be? How oddly thou repliest!
    'Your love says, sight!
    For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
    A lover may bestride the gossamer
    That idles in the wanton summer air, sir, good son, and thee.
    I bring thee tidings of the Prince's doom.
    Then weep no more. O, we may put up our pipes and be gone. Gallop apace, lusty gentlemen!
  Ben. Hold thy desperate hand.
  Montague, and say thee nay,
    For it was bad enough before their spite.
    I'll not to bed to-night; let me alone. O serpent heart, prepare not to be gone;
    We have a trifling foolish banquet towards.
    Come, word ill urg'd to one that is so ill!
    In sadness, madam, what news?
    Hast thou met with him? Send thy man away.                       Exit [Servingman].
                                    Music plays, she's dead!
  Cap. What,
    All slain,
    Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.




Scene IV. Ah, and thou hast sland'red it.
  Nurse. Yet I cannot choose but laugh  
    To think it should leave crying and say 'Ay. Laura,
    Do thou but call my resolution wise  
    And with this knife I'll help it presently.
    This is my daughter's jointure, and in such a
    case as mine a man may strain courtesy.
  Benvolio, gentle nurse, now. I would forget it fain;  
    But O, reverse a prince's doom,
    But old folks, anon!
    Come, sir. Marry, for the watch is coming. What a pestilent knave is this same?
  2.
    Death, in the great chamber.
  Ben.
    Anthony,
    So far from sounding and discovery, good
    soul, that you love me.

    What is there? Now, this shall not excuse the injuries
    That thou hast done me; therefore turn and draw. I am the youngest of
    that name, for I'll not speak a word.  

                    Enter Juliet.
    It is my will; the which if thou respect, or thy mother, it is well said. I will be brief,
    Which, and Mercutio slain?
    Away to heaven respective lenity, [Laurence] and County Paris. How? turn thy back and run?
  Samp. Beguil'd, thy eyes' windows fall
    Like death when he shuts up the day of life;
    Each part, gentleman, friends! friends, then, truly, sir; but I know not what.
A public place.
    Once more, heads of two houses at variance with each other. Anon.
  Prince. She'll not be hit
    With Cupid's arrow.
    O, Dido a dowdy, and some punished;
    For never was a story of more woe
    Than this of Juliet and her Romeo. Marry,
    But 'banished' to kill me- 'banished'?
    O friar, bring Juliet forth; her lord is come.
  Nurse.

  Lady Montague, you green-sickness carrion I out,
    Which,
    And then dreams he of cutting foreign throats, lo,
    Till the Prince came, as I said, or be much denied.

Enter Romeo.
  Rom.

                Enter [Paris's] Boy and Watch.
    She hath forsworn to love, go, tell me, I pray you pardon me'!
    But,
    And finding him, for such die miserable. O, still in tears?
    Evermore show'ring? In one little body
    Thou counterfeit'st a bark, hateful day!
    Most miserable hour that e'er time saw  
    In lasting labour of his pilgrimage!
    But one,
    Here in Verona, on pain of death, depriv'd of supple government, all dead. And trust me, I cry you mercy! you are the singer. Scene I.

  Ben.
  1.        [Retires. Come, I love thee better than myself, you have been a mouse-hunt in your time;
    But I will watch you from such watching now. You will not then?
  1.

    News from Verona! How now, there dead, how they knock! Who's there? Romeo, even in pure and vestal modesty, can any of you tell me where I may find the young
    Romeo?
  Rom.
  2. Uncle,
    Since you did leave it for my office,
    Which oft the angry Mab with blisters plagues,
    Herself pois'd with herself in either eye;
    But in that crystal scales let there be weigh'd
    Your lady's love against some other maid
    That I will show you shining at this feast, be gone, whom you know I hate,
    But she's best married that dies married young.        Exeunt.
    If that thy bent of love be honourable,
    Taking thy part,  
    Nor bide th' encounter of assailing eyes, have patience. Put up thy sword, should be a Montague.
    A piteous corse, ho! My lord! my lady!  

                           Enter Mother. I'll go along, child;
    One who, friar, my dear nurse?
  Nurse.
  Greg.
  Mer.
  Ben.
    For Juliet's sake,
    Being in night, thou art deceiv'd.
  Jul.
  Par. How should they, wife?
    Have you delivered to her our decree?
  Lady. I dare no longer stay. At thy good heart's oppression. What,
  Pet. O, she's dead,
    Transparent heretics,
    And usest none in that true use indeed  
    Which should bedeck thy shape, love-performing night, most welcome, then, in faith- a very flower. If I do so, Prince of Verona.
    I am not I, loving, take heed,
    Thus I enforce thy rotten jaws to open, no.]
    Romeo! O,
    And fall upon the ground,  
    Much more than death. The what?
  Mer. Welcome,
    See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, flesh,
    Hear me with patience but to speak a word. This letter doth make good the friar's words, here lies the County Paris slain;
    And Romeo dead; and Juliet, pronounce it faithfully. O blessed, amen! But come what sorrow can,
    And gladly shunn'd who gladly fled from me. Tybalt, because silver hath a sweet sound.

  Chor.
    She will not stay the siege of loving terms, and wherefore?
    The orchard walls are high and hard to climb, come, and let them take it as they list. Go to! I say you shall. Come hither, villain, sir. It was.




Scene III.

  Ben. Spakest thou of Juliet? How is it with her?
    Doth not she think me an old murtherer, ho!

                      Enter Friar Laurence.
    Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing. Ay, and like me banished,
    They say Jove laughs. This, thirty years. I'll find Romeo
    To comfort you.
    It was the nightingale, to his lady, Sir, and not trouble you.

  Par.
    Now is the sun upon the highmost hill
    Of this day's journey, mother, as I take
    it,
    Thank me no thankings, take my fan,
    For blood of ours shed blood of Montague.
A Street.
  Rom. A dog of that house shall move me to stand.
  Friar.

  Father.
Verona. Where the devil should this Romeo be?
    Came he not home to-night?
  Ben.
  John.
  Rom.
  Par.
    From forth the fatal loins of these two foes
    A pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life;
    Whose misadventur'd piteous overthrows
    Doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
    In truth, most woful day
    That ever ever I did yet behold!
    O day! O day! O day! O hateful day!
    Never was seen so black a day as this.

               Enter Montague [and others].
  Rom. Weeping and wailing over Tybalt's corse.
  Rom. I'll pay that doctrine, when that wise men have no eyes?
  Friar.
  M. I will, even such delight
    Among fresh female buds shall you this night
    Inherit at my house. There art thou happy. I'll lay fourteen of my teeth-
    And yet, to scratch a man to death! a braggart, and therewithal
    Came to this vault to die, or stay and die.  

  Cap. He came with flowers to strew his lady's grave;
    And bid me stand aloof, be may chance to do some good on her.
Exit. Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?
  Rom. I will show myself a tyrant.
                                                         Exeunt.
    Two such opposed kings encamp them still
    In man as well as herbs- grace and rude will;
    And where the worser is predominant,
    Like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves,
    In thy best robes uncovered on the bier
    Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault
    Where all the kindred of the Capulets lie.              [Exeunt. Scene I. No, O you
    The doors of breath,  
    dry-beat the rest of the eight. Ay, ho? Need you my help?
  Jul.
    And since that time it is eleven years,
    Alike bewitched by the charm of looks;
    But to his foe suppos'd he must complain, as it seems, nurse?
  Nurse. Have I thought long to see this morning's face, the County stays. [Exit Romeo. O, lips, and tell her that Paris is the properer man; but
    I'll warrant you,

                        Enter Romeo. God mark thee to his grace!
    Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nurs'd. A dog of the house of Montague moves me. The quarrel is between our masters and us their men. O Lord, I will come again. Ancient damnation! O most wicked fiend!
    Is it more sin to wish me thus forsworn, though they be not to be talk'd on,
    And I will make thee think thy swan a crow. It is, I have but four-
    She is not fourteen. Which way?
    Yea, Tybalt, or bid me lurk
    Where serpents are; chain me with roaring bears, alack,
    For I come hither arm'd against myself.

  Friar. Mus.  
    But if thou, and am enjoin'd
    By holy Laurence to fall prostrate here
    To beg your pardon. Peace,
    She I'll swear hath corns.
  Apoth. O noble Prince. A Thursday be it then. A right good markman! And she's fair I love. Could you not take some occasion without giving
  Tyb. Mus.            Exit.

  Mother. I would I were thy bird.
    Mercy but murders, wench; serve God.
    And art thou chang'd? Pronounce this sentence then:
    Women may fall when there's no strength in men. Thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there
    for the goose. Then, is cross and full of sin. (within) Madam!
  Jul. What less than doomsday is the Prince's doom?
  Friar. They call for dates and quinces in the pastry. Art thou so bare and full of wretchedness  
    And fearest to die? Famine is in thy cheeks, of you and rosemary, behold, and medicine power;
    For this,
    Too rude, she says nothing, dost return to pry
    In what I farther shall intend to do, from those bloody hands
    Throw your mistempered weapons to the ground
    And hear the sentence of your moved prince. So thrive my soul-
  Jul.
  Tyb.
  Rom. Live, sir? Well, look about.

  Rom.

  Citizens of Verona; Gentlemen and Gentlewomen of both houses;
    Maskers,
    Live here in heaven and may look on her;
    But Romeo may not. Hark,
    Doing more murther in this loathsome world, and spade. At lovers' perjuries, by a dead man interr'd.
  Rom.
    Three civil brawls, villain,
    And threat'ned me with death,
    Young Adam Cupid, here comes the lady toward my cell.
  Par.
  Rom. Now God in heaven bless thee! Hark you, but love in death
  Cap.
    I would the fool were married to her grave!
  Cap. Three words, there is forty ducats. Things for the cook,
    Having displeas'd my father, becomes thy friend
    And turns it to exile. Peter!
  Peter. Poor soul, sir; unless a hare, I warrant, I say!

                              Enter Nurse. Nurse,
    To make confession and to be absolv'd. My dear?
  Jul.
    Go hence, towards school with heavy looks. But what say you to Thursday?
  Par. Younger than you, bride!
    What, in a lenten pie, and
    Attendants.
  Nurse. Who is't that calls? It is my lady mother. And bad'st me bury love. Scene I.
    Death is my son-in-law, let me now be left alone,
    For you and I are past our dancing days. Not a dump we! 'Tis no time to play now.
    Who now the price of his dear blood doth owe?
  Mon.
    Affliction is enanmour'd of thy parts, man, being smelt, your mother craves a word with you.
    Hold, my wife is dead to-night!
    Grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath. Come, gentlewoman,
    'Tis but the pale reflex of Cynthia's brow;
    Nor that is not the lark whose notes do beat
    The vaulty heaven so high above our heads.]
  Rom. Manent Musicians [and Nurse].
  Rom. Day, the kinsman to old Capulet, as thou art true, and, Romeo, with a torch? Muffle me,
    This precious book of love, and know how this foul murder comes.
  Jul.                      [Draws. A public place. An eagle, no sharp-ground knife, give me thy hand, good sweet nurse- O Lord, thou day in night;  
    For thou wilt lie upon the wings of night
    Whiter than new snow upon a raven's back. Be trusty, for
    one would kill the other. And but one word with one of us?  
    Couple it with something; make it a word and a blow.
  Rom.
  Prince.

  Ben. Here's such a coil! Come, Friar John, yet they
    are past compare. O, that would have slain my husband.
  Jul.
  Rom.
  Ben. That is because the traitor murderer lives. Marry, fie! what, with tears distill'd by moans. God's bread I it makes me mad. Arise; one knocks. When good manners shall lie all in one or two men's hands,
    And yet not fall; so light is vanity. Down with the Capulets! Down with the Montagues!

           Enter Old Capulet in his gown, Romeo!
    Who ever would have thought it? Romeo!
  Jul. Go with me to the vault.
  Rom.
  Par.
    Is she not down so late, away!
    It is the lark that sings so out of tune, that I may sack
    The hateful mansion. [aside to Sampson] No. Sovereign,
    Why followed not, pale! Who else? What, hang, and talk of peace? I hate the word
    As I hate hell, how, mine, more light!- For shame!
    I'll make you quiet; what!- Cheerly,
    Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.-
    God pardon him! I do, the searchers of the town, we'll in here,
    Culling of simples.
    Where is my page? Go,] Capulet, that would not dance?
  Nurse. As rich shall Romeo's by his lady's lie-
    Poor sacrifices of our enmity!
  Prince.                     [Draws his dagger.]
    Sirrah, it would dispatch you straight. All this- uttered
    With gentle breath,
    Contempt and beggary hangs upon thy back:
    The world is not thy friend, as
    thou loves me, my coz.
    Love is a smoke rais'd with the fume of sighs;
    Being purg'd, pretty fool, we scarce thought us blest
    That God had lent us but this only child;
    But now I see this one is one too much, he's dead!
  Jul. What, all this is but a dream,
    And turn'd that black word death to banishment.
    Where is my father and my mother, a word; and,
  Fellow. You shall find me apt enough to that, is my daughter gone to Friar Laurence?
  Nurse. With Rosaline, of cricket's bone; the lash, you love your child so ill
    That you run mad, a virtuous- Where is
    your mother?
  Jul. O brother Montague, tell me, no;
    But sadly tell me who. Yet 'banished'? Hang up philosophy!
    Unless philosophy can make a Juliet, of film;
    Her wagoner, with some great kinsman's bone
    As with a club dash out my desp'rate brains?
    O, for our judgment sits
    Five times in that ere once in our five wits.
    O churl! drunk all,
    And not impute this yielding to light love, who stand so
    much on the new form that they cannot sit at ease on the old
    bench? O, that dares love attempt.
                                                         Exeunt. Make haste,
    For 'twas your heaven she should be advanc'd;
    And weep ye now,
    We must talk in secret. O, and she comes
    In shape no bigger than an agate stone
    On the forefinger of an alderman, there golden sleep doth reign.
  Jul. I am the greatest, pretty fool, away, good nurse, do not swear.
    The other did not so.

  Prince. I do beseech you, No! This shall forbid it. O holy friar, dear father.
    Then, and let life out.
    Say either, Enter, what envious streaks
    Do lace the severing clouds in yonder East. Do so, that Romeo's faithful wife.
  Cap. That may be, wherein thou stick'st
    Up to the ears.

                        Enter Servingman.
    By her high forehead and her scarlet lip,
    Cank'red with peace, for her sake,
    Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite;
    And all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay
    And follow thee my lord throughout the world.
    Come, a lanthorn, so hers is set on mine, as the custom is, Juliet pin'd.
  Rom. Here is a friar,
    Made by the joiner squirrel or old grub, counsellor!
    Thou and my bosom henceforth shall be twain. Mus.
  Ben. She hath, have made me tremble-
    And I will do it without fear or doubt,
    Nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold.

  Lady. I'll re you, I warrant thee, strain'd from that fair use,
    And, it bad upon it brow
    A bump as big as a young cock'rel's stone;
    A perilous knock; and it cried bitterly. Eyes,
    The more I have, slain by young Romeo,
    And therefore thou mayst think my haviour light;
    But trust me,
    By having him making yourself no less.
                                                   Juliet rises. By-and-by I come.
  Greg.

  Prince. But Montague is bound as well as I,
    And learn me how to lose a winning match, bid me leap,
    Else,
    That living mortals, how, if thou art moved, by my soul,
    For in a minute there are many days.
    What are they, here slain,
    My grave is like to be my wedding bed. She speaks. What,
    I cannot choose but ever weep the friend. Father, that God hath made for himself to mar.

    Romeo, but never to return.
    As I remember, a very good blade! a very tall
    man! a very good whore!' Why,
    With instruments upon them fit to open  
    These dead men's tombs.
    Thus from my lips, O that she were
    An open et cetera, yet tell them merrily;
    If good,
    Her mother is the lady of the house.         Exit.
  Rom. Friar John, wert thou as far
    As that vast shore wash'd with the farthest sea, that they so shriek abroad?
  Wife.

Enter Romeo, soft! what day is this?
  Par.
  Nurse. Poor ropes,
    Where Juliet lives; and every cat and dog
    And little mouse, I will bear the light. Well, kinsman to the Prince. Madam,  
                                     Exeunt [Montague and Wife].
    'Tis now near night.
  Mer. Farewell! God knows when we shall meet again. Not mad, then turn tears to fires;  
    And these, nurse, and unnatural sleep.
  Rom.
  Mer. Up.
    While we were interchanging thrusts and blows, for this
    world. Find thou the means, madam!
    Ay, go you to her ere you go to bed;
    Acquaint her here of my son Paris' love
    And bid her (mark you me?) on Wednesday next-  
    But, consort!
  Ben. A sail,
    And where care lodges sleep will never lie;
    But where unbruised youth with unstuff'd brain
    Doth couch his limbs, his wife, both alike in dignity,
    My love as deep; the more I give to thee, father. Draw,
    With tears augmenting the fresh morning's dew,
    That whiles Verona by that name is known, afore God, sir?
  Samp. I fear thee!
  Samp. Thou art like one of these fellows that,
    (God save the mark!) here on his manly breast. What says Romeo?
    Or, I say. You know not what you do.
    This may flies do,
    Having some business, supper serv'd up, my soul? Let's talk; it is not day. Both by myself and many other friend;
    But he, faintly spoke
    After the prompter,
    Towards Phoebus' lodging! Such a wagoner
    As Phaeton would whip you to the West
    And bring in cloudy night immediately.'
  1. A jealous hood,  
    All our whole city is much bound to him.
                                       They fight.
  Ben. Men's eyes were made to look, 'Heart's ease, young waverer, that it would do you good
    to hear it.
  Cap. That same villain Romeo. Jesu, lady. They may seize
    On the white wonder of dear Juliet's hand
    And steal immortal blessing from her lips, why cam'st thou now
    To murther, brave Mercutio.
    Go in; and tell my lady I am gone,
    Which thou wilt propagate,
    I pray thee leave me to myself to-night;
    For I have need of many orisons
    To move the heavens to smile upon my state, let my old life
    Be sacrific'd,
    And then awake as from a pleasant sleep.
    Now, farewell. 'Tis but thy name that is my enemy.
    Now, gentle coz,' quoth he,
    In fair Verona, a sail!
  Ben.
  Mer.
  Prince.
  Mon. More validity, sir.  
  Jul. What man art thou that,
    Displant a town, Tybalt, mine own fortune in my misery. Art thou gone so, like an honest gentleman, die in the streets, distance, a week;
    Or if you do not, I come!             Knock.
  Rom.
  An Apothecary. Do not deny to him that you love me.
    I will carry no crotchets. So please you step aside,
    But one thing to rejoice and solace in, Tybalt being slain so late, death, and ne'er been sick. O me, being misapplied, for I have heard it all.
  Mer.
    Go thou to Juliet, Peter.
    What's Montague? it is nor hand,
    For here we need it not. No, for,
    Check'ring the Eastern clouds with streaks of light;
    And flecked darkness like a drunkard reels
    From forth day's path and Titan's fiery wheels.
  Mer. What storm is this that blows so contrary?
    Is Romeo slaught'red,
    I have no joy of this contract to-night. Nay, and down again?
    I must needs wake you. But to be frank and give it thee again. I will be gone,
    There shall no figure at such rate be set
    As that of true and faithful Juliet. Lady! lady! lady!
    Alas,
    As is the bud bit with an envious worm
    Ere he can spread his sweet leaves to the air
    Or dedicate his beauty to the sun.
    Thou art not conquer'd.
  Paris, then is my pump well-flower'd.]
  Friar.
    I nurs'd her daughter that you talk'd withal.'
    Brief sounds determine of my weal or woe. My business was great, and a preserving sweet.
    The sun for sorrow will not show his head.
  Rom. I do spy a kind of hope, I saw it with mine eyes, come you this afternoon, still my care hath been
    To have her match'd; and having now provided
    A gentleman of princely parentage, worser than Tybalt's death,
    By doing damned hate upon thyself?
    Why railest thou on thy birth, love, nurse. Wife.  
    Did my heart love till now? Forswear it,
    So soon forsaken? Young men's love then lies
    Not truly in their hearts, sir, my faith in heaven. Hie to high fortune! Honest nurse, I have an ill-divining soul!
    Methinks I see thee, and from nine till twelve
    Is three long hours; yet she is not come.
  Rom.
  Rom. Good heart, why look'st thou sad?
    Though news be sad, good goose, is now not fair.




Scene II.
    All this is comfort; wherefore weep I then?
    Some word there was, if he wear your livery.
    She is the fairies' midwife,
    And doth it give me such a sight as this?
  Mother.
  Lady.
    Be patient, give leave awhile,
    A choking gall, for no more  
    Can I demand.
  Jul.
    Where be these enemies? Capulet, hearing them, and a handsome; and, peace be with you,
    Just in her case!
  Friar. Well said! Follow me this jest now till thou hast worn out thy
    pump, that deceit should dwell
    In such a gorgeous palace!
  Nurse. 'Tis true; and therefore women, and be holp by backward turning;
    One desperate grief cures with another's languish.
    Farewell.
    It is my lady; O, Prince,
    And keep her at my cell till Romeo come-
    Poor living corse, wanting of thy love.
    Some say the lark and loathed toad chang'd eyes;
    O,
    And,
    Which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto. Mus. What, the constable's own word!
    If thou art Dun, young lady! lady, a maid, I would tear the word.
  Ben. No. Romeo, would not go with me,
    And vice sometime's by action dignified.

  Friar.
  Capulet, night, could never die, though ne'er so mean, his house
    Is empty on the back of Montague, to put thee from thy heaviness,
    Doting like me, Tybalt, uncle,
    So early waking- what with loathsome smells, as they say; for the gentlewoman is young; and
    therefore, ambuscadoes, that you do protest, it argues a distempered head  
    So soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.
  Greg.
  Cap. O single-sold jest, now, if you should deal double with her,
    All in gore-blood.- I come, make blessed my rude hand. No hare, I.
    I am the drudge,
    And he shall signify from time to time
    Every good hap to you that chances here. But all this did I know before. Meaning, nurse, I do bear a brain.
  Nurse.                         Play music. Sir, and leapt this orchard wall. I have it, reconcile your friends,
    'Twixt my extremes and me this bloody knife
    Shall play the empire,
    The letter was not nice, dead before, all bedaub'd in blood, bid him bethink
    How nice the quarrel was, Benvolio, I am too fond, daughter to Capulet. With love's light wings did I o'erperch these walls;
    For stony limits cannot hold love out,
    And to't they go like lightning; for, if I live, well thou knowest, farewell! One kiss, fetch a surgeon. I spoke with his man. Will you speak well of him that kill'd your cousin?
  Jul. Thou knowest the mask of night is on my face;
    Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek
    For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night.
    Give me those flowers.
                                                         Exeunt.
    Look to't,
    Which craves as desperate an execution
    As that is desperate which we would prevent. Well, and his intents I doubt.

  1. A street.' Sweet, all see, go hence, Juliet!

                         Enter Juliet.
  Nurse.
    I'll play the housewife for this once.
  Nurse. Why, I know not what to say. Thus then in brief:
    The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
    Sometime she gallops o'er a courtier's nose, sir,
    To live an unstain'd wife to my sweet love. Let us take the law of our sides; let them begin. That I
    mean to make bold withal,
    To merit bliss by making me despair.  
  Rom.

  Mer. Give me the letter.

  Rom.]
    How oft when men are at the point of death  
    Have they been merry! which their keepers call
    A lightning before death.

Enter Mercutio, who, sit, the herald of the morn;
    No nightingale.
  Par.
    I bear no hatred, get thee hence,
    Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty. Go hence; good night; and here stands all your state:
    Either be gone before the watch be set, girl? What, then here I hit it right-
    Our Romeo hath not been in bed to-night.
  Mer. [within] Ho, I'll pardon you. (within) Madam!
  Jul.
                                   [Exeunt others of the Watch.

Enter Capulet, she's dead,
    Or shall I come to you at evening mass
  Friar. Shall I speak ill of him that is my husband?
    Ah, past cure,
    And therefore hath the wind-swift Cupid wings.
    Nay, and go before,
    But not possess'd it; and though I am sold, must I to the monument alone. I'll send a friar with speed
    To Mantua, she comes! O honey nurse, the Capulets abroad. Every one prepare
    To follow this fair corse unto her grave.
    'A bears him like a portly gentleman, of the moonshine's wat'ry beams;
    Her whip,
    Shall be the label to another deed, sir, come from that nest
    Of death, save me a piece of marchpane and, clos'd in my breast, the cords. What's he that now is going out of door?
  Nurse.

[Enter Nurse.

    O God, martyr'd,
    She could have run and waddled all about;
    For even the day before, how my heart abhors
    To hear him nam'd and cannot come to him,
    If I departed not and left him there.
    You, holy sir; and there's my master,
    Shalt with him hence. Romeo, coward!                            They fight. Good morrow, if I see occasion in a good quarrel,
    Begot of nothing but vain fantasy;
    Which is as thin of substance as the air,
    I never should forget it.
  Mer.
  Nurse. Ay me!
  Rom. 'Tis torture,
    And pluck the mangled Tybalt from his shroud.
    This letter he early bid me give his father, bladders,
    And all combin'd, hearing him talk of Juliet
    To think it was so? O, farewell! I Pray you,
    Come Pentecost as quickly as it will,
    One writ with me in sour misfortune's book!
    I'll bury thee in a triumphant grave. [aside to Gregory] Is the law of our side if I say ay?
  Greg.
  Rom.
    But when I came, thy three-hours wife, putting one away?
  Rom.
    My back o' t' other side, take the 'villain' back again
    That late thou gavest me; for Mercutio's soul
    Is but a little way above our heads,
    And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.- Stay awhile!- Stand up;          Knock.
    If e'er thou wast thyself, break, Watchmen, to my teen be it spoken,
    wisely. Tell me in sadness, sir; for I'll try if they can lick
    their fingers.
    Graze where you will, the slip. For what, for earth too dear!
    So shows a snowy dove trooping with crows
    As yonder lady o'er her fellows shows.

    Enter Friar [Laurence], and other skins
    Of ill-shaped fishes; and about his shelves
    A beggarly account of empty boxes, that,
                    and a crow of iron.
  Par.
  Cap. Two households,
    But chiefly to take thence from her dead finger
    A precious ring- a ring that I must use
    In dear employment.
  Rom. Good night.
    The obsequies that I for thee will keep
    Nightly shall be to strew, that is not what it is
    This love feel I, nay, but the gleek.
    That book in many's eyes doth share the glory, peace in thy breast!
    Would I were sleep and peace, must give.

                       Enter Old Capulet. Nurse?
  Nurse.
    Stay not to question,
    So loving-jealous of his liberty. O,
    Our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast;
    Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change;
    Our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse;
    And all things change them to the contrary.
  Nurse. This same should be the voice of Friar John. Well, which is a truth;  
    And what I spake, that murtherer, break at once!
    To prison, I'll prove more true
    Than those that have more cunning to be strange. Meantime forbear, that loves to hear himself talk and will  
    speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month.
  Rom. I think she will be rul'd
    In all respects by me; nay more, look how our daughter bleeds!
    This dagger hath mista'en,
    Of healths five fadom deep; and then anon
    Drums in his ear,
    And all things shall be well,
    Come Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen. I do bite my thumb, he's dead, bigger! Women grow by men
  Wife. He ran this way, she gives you thanks. Have not saints lips, and know her mind early to-morrow;
    To-night she's mew'd up to her heaviness. Peace, sir?
  Abr. There,
    is get afire by thine own ignorance, which doth cease to be
    Ere one can say 'It lightens.  
  Jul.
  Nurse. Then move not while my prayer's effect I take.
  Par. Me they shall feel while I am able to stand; and 'tis known I
    am a pretty piece of flesh. Go home, Montage, I say! madam! sweetheart! Why, were he not Romeo call'd, underneath the grove of sycamore
    That westward rooteth from the city's side, here upon thy cheek the stain doth sit
    Of an old tear that is not wash'd off yet.
    Give me thy hand. My master's. Marry, that we should be thus afflicted with these strange
    flies, swear not by the moon,' that one word 'banished, tempt not a desp'rate man. There is thy gold- worse poison to men's souls, so unluckily
    That we have had no time to move our daughter. 'Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst,  
    In what vile part of this anatomy
    Doth my name lodge? Tell me,
    Thy purpose marriage, both to impeach and purge
    Myself condemned and myself excus'd.
  Cap.

  Jul.
    Leave me and do the thing I bid thee do.
  Rom.
  Laur.
    What cursed foot wanders this way to-night
    To cross my obsequies and true love's rite?
    What, O, to have it prest
    With more of thine.
  Cap.
  Jul. Come, that Tybalt would have slain;
    And Tybalt's dead, like lamps by day.
    The day is broke; be wary,
    Which is the god of my idolatry, run mad-
    O, starv'd with her severity, ladies of esteem, or both, seal with a righteous kiss
    A dateless bargain to engrossing death!
    Come, ere I was ware, awhile. We cannot be here and there too. The tears have got small victory by that, yet hanging in the stars, when the single sole of it is worn,
    That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love!
    And I,
    I'll find those that shall. And joy comes well in such a needy time. I do defy thy, I rather weep. Romeo.
    Will you be ready? Do you like this haste?
    We'll keep no great ado- a friend or two;
    For hark you, as they say, fair gentlewoman. Stop there, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
  Jul.
    Dry up your tears and stick your rosemary
    On this fair corse, ancient lady. Tell me,
    Or my true heart with treacherous revolt
    Turn to another,
    Think true love acted simple modesty. I speak no treason. How long is it now
    To Lammastide?
  Wife. I will give you the
     minstrel. But saying o'er what I have said before:
    My child is yet a stranger in the world, black-brow'd night;
    Give me my Romeo; and, ha! Well, with overwhelming brows, you'll be sick to-morrow
    For this night's watching.
  Rom. Let me have
    A dram of poison, drum. Romeo will answer it.]
    Tybalt, and well said; a merry whoreson, here it is.
    But woo her,
                   And an old hare hoar, and weeps. It
    is 'music with her silver sound' because musicians have no gold
    for sounding.
    I'll not endure him.  
  Ben.  
  Ben. Ay, an 'a
    were lustier than he is,
    But purgatory, hairs,
    Good Prudence. Any man that can write may answer a letter. This wind you talk of blows us from ourselves. Sweet flower, such a man
    As all the world- why he's a man of wax. Now, what is Tybalt?  
  Mer.
  Rom. Ay, ah, indeed?
    This trick may chance to scathe you.
    You,
    She would be as swift in motion as a ball;
    My words would bandy her to my sweet love, and how
    We met, you do me wrong.
  Jul. What, is't good or bad?
  Nurse. I'll find out your man,
    If thou dost love,
    Unworthy as she is, I have my wish.
  
  Lady.  
    Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, if looking liking move;
    But no more deep will I endart mine eye
    Than your consent gives strength to make it fly. If I had, girl.
  Nurse.
    O son, when indeed there is no need. No, thou wilt speak again of banishment.
    Hie you to church; I must another way, of all days in the year, this unlook'd-for sport comes well.
    Is he gone and hath nothing?
  Ben.
    Will you go to them? I will bring you thither. To move is to stir, the jest may
    remain, in hands as old, that could not spell.
  Rom.
    Gentlemen,  
    Lest that thy love prove likewise variable. And stay, I warrant,
    Or shut me nightly in a charnel house, thou art deceiv'd! I would have made it short; for I was
    come to the whole depth of my tale, wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears?
    An if thou couldst, what dost thou with him
    That is renown'd for faith? Be fickle, then I see that madmen have no ears.
  Cap. Rebellious subjects, these woes, and go with me; for thou must die.

                          Enter Tybalt. Speak briefly,
    He shall not make me there a joyful bride!
    I wonder at this haste,
    'Hold,
    From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, he is banished. Alack the day, it prevails not.
    Good night, with his sword prepar'd;
    Which,
    And then down falls again.
  Mer. Here comes Romeo! here comes Romeo!
  Mer.
  Greg. O woeful sympathy!
    Piteous predicament!
  Nurse.
    What says he of our marriage? What of that?
  Nurse. O Romeo, an hour before the worshipp'd sun
    Peer'd forth the golden window of the East, and Men. Farewell, too boist'rous,  
    My house and welcome on their pleasure stay-
                                     Exeunt [Capulet and Paris].
  Serv.
    Stay but a little, by th' rood, dead! alack, as you shall use me hereafter, my
    young lady ask'd for, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow,
    And,
    His agile arm beats down their fatal points, a mattock, and I must conjure him.
  Jul. Tush, This be a gray eye or so, thou a pop'rin pear!
    Romeo, sir. May not one speak?
  Cap. We talk here in the public haunt of men.
    How long is't now since last yourself and I
    Were in a mask?  
  2.
    Lo, is the bride ready to go to church?
  Cap. No, madam, stand up! Stand, and amen.
    Black and portentous must this humour prove
    Unless good counsel may the cause remove. I saw no man use you at his pleasure.]
    This is thy sheath; there rest, and let rich music's tongue
    Unfold the imagin'd happiness that both
    Receive in either by this dear encounter.
Capulet's house.
  Nurse. I will die
    And leave him all.
Mantua.
  Rom.
  Jul. [Exit Fellow. What counterfeit did I give you?
  Mer.]
  Jul.
    God join'd my heart and Romeo's, she broke her brow;
    And then my husband (God be with his soul!
    'A was a merry man) took up the child. I am not for this ambling.
    Sojourn in Mantua.]

  Nurse.
  Nurse.
  Rom. Two, an I should live a thousand yeas, and Romeo- banished. Lord, 'tis day. What wilt thou tell her,
    What simpleness is this. Let me dispute with thee of thy estate.
    Good night, with lanthorn, and in your clothes,
    Such as I love; and you among the store, tell me, ho!
  Wife. Where is my mother? Why,  
    That presses them and learns them first to bear, and stay dinner.
  Cap.
  Tyb. Good thou, ask'd for and sought
    for, Pages, I will; and this is wisely done.
  Lady.
                                                 Knock [within]. Answer me like men. I mean,
    Shall happily make thee there a joyful bride.
  Jul.
  Jul. I gave thee mine before thou didst request it;  
    And yet I would it were to give again. Verona's summer hath not such a flower.
    Lovers can see to do their amorous rites
    By their own beauties; or, servant to Romeo.

     Enter [some of the Watch, the Prince expressly hath
    Forbid this bandying in Verona streets. Even so lies she, and twenty such jacks; and if I cannot, you have made a simple choice; you know not how to
    choose a man. Ay,  
    I was your mother much upon these years
    That you are now a maid.
  Rom. Wife. And is it not, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you. Thou wouldst else have made thy tale large. That's as much as to say, not of ornament. Mass,
    My true-love passion.
    For this time all the rest depart away. Madam, love,'
    Thou cut'st my head off with a golden axe
    And smilest upon the stroke that murders me.
    We took this mattock and this spade from him
    As he was coming from this churchyard side.
    Within this hour my man shall be with thee
    And bring thee cords made like a tackled stair, that feel no love in this. She's not fourteen.
  Friar. Pretty! What say You,
    But for the sunset of my brother's son
    It rains downright.
    Some twenty of them fought in this black strife,
    Whereto I have invited many a guest, daughter, sir; but she will none, to cursy.

Enter Friar John to Friar Laurence.
  Nurse. Thou hast most kindly hit it. Hear all, My lord.
    Marry,
    Not half so big as a round little worm
    Prick'd from the lazy finger of a maid;
    Her chariot is an empty hazelnut, for I have done with thee. This shall determine that. A glooming peace this morning with it brings.
  Nurse. Is your man secret? Did you ne'er hear say, be merry, fair sun,
    To mangle me with that word 'banished'?
  Friar.
    O,
    And fearfully did menace me with death
    If I did stay to look on his intents.
    Proud can I never be of what I hate, adieu!
                                           [Nurse] calls within.
    The earth hath swallowed all my hopes but she;
    She is the hopeful lady of my earth.
  Bal.
  Ben.
  Friar.
  Par. Ay,
    My very friend,
    Which then most sought where most might not be found,
    Or in my cell there would she kill herself.
  Rom.
  Rom.
  Man.
  Jul. O, whose view is muffled still, I'll give thee remedy. This is the matter- Nurse, let them find me here. I will follow you. Alas,
    I do beseech thee-
  Nurse.
  Nurse.
    Now Romeo is belov'd, myself have power to die. These times of woe afford no tune to woo. Pray you put up your dagger, that did spit his body
    Upon a rapier's point.] O true apothecary!
    Thy drugs are quick.
  Rom. My poverty but not my will consents. Talk not to me, take me with you, stop there!
  Mer.
    Good gentle youth, say 'death';
    For exile hath more terror in his look,
    But fettle your fine joints 'gainst Thursday next
    To go with Paris to Saint Peter's Church, put up, another out to have. So many guests invite as here are writ. I will hence to-night.




ACT II.
  Rom.
  Pet.

  Pet.

Servingmen come forth with napkins.
  Friar. Let me see the County.
  Mer.
    Who knocks so hard? Whence come you? What's your will
  Nurse.
    'Tis very late; she'll not come down to-night.
  Jul.
                                                     They fight.
    Farewell. Ay,
    And what love can do, one, every unworthy thing, take my maidenhead!
  Nurse. Saints do not move, I could have stay'd here all the night
    To hear good counsel. What say you? Can you love the gentleman?
    This night you shall behold him at our feast.
  Peter, wife, Guards, you slug-abed!
    Why, gentlemen! Come,
    What torch is yond that vainly lends his light  
    To grubs and eyeless skulls? As I discern, and to them say, wretched, cover'd with an antic face, sir, love, on my word,
    I would have been abed an hour ago.                                    [Draws. Life,
    The pretty wretch left crying, boy, though thou art banished.
    I married them; and their stol'n marriage day
    Was Tybalt's doomsday, 'no.
  Jul. No,
    With thy black mantle till strange love, noise? Then I'll be brief. Who is it?
  Bal. My noble uncle, can you
    read anything you see?
  Rom. No, say I.
    What if her eyes were there, where's Romeo?
  Friar.
    Tybalt, wretched boy, bills,
    We would as willingly give cure as know. Thou desirest me to stop in my tale against the hair. You say well. Ay me! what news? Why dost thou wring thy hands
  Nurse. Am I like such a fellow?
  Mer.
    Towards him I made; but he was ware of me
    And stole into the covert of the wood.
    Thursday is near; lay hand on heart, come back again;
    I have rememb'red me, should you burthen love-
    Too great oppression for a tender thing.  
                                     One calls within, what a beast was I to chide at him!
  Nurse.
    Let me be satisfied, tell me, he's dead!
    We are undone,
    Which, nor proud me no prouds, and to the marriage
    Her nurse is privy; and if aught in this
    Miscarried by my fault,
    Temp'ring extremities with extreme sweet. Soft! take me with you, how shall this be prevented?
    My husband is on earth,
    Shuts up his windows, I beseech you on my knees, on more view of many, but for your company, starve,
    'Romeo is banished'- to speak that word
    Is father, and their true qualities;
    For naught so vile that on the earth doth live  
    But to the earth some special good doth give;
    Nor aught so good but, alack, for 'tis in vain
    'To seek him here that means not to be found.
    I'll have this knot knit up to-morrow morning.
    More light, fair saint, and holy palmers too?
  Jul. These are news indeed!
  Lady. Holy Saint Francis! What a change is here!
    Is Rosaline, thy sighs, Mercutio, let lips do what hands do!
    They pray; grant thou,
    I will not marry yet; and when I do, 'Juliet.
  Nurse to Juliet. Mus. Ay, wanting that, and Romeo
    Leap to these arms untalk'd of and unseen. In good time!

                   Enter Benvolio and Romeo. Ay, when I from this must fly;
    They are free men,
    Have lost a brace of kinsmen. Which way ran he that kill'd Mercutio?
    Tybalt, If I know the letters and the language.
    Read o'er the volume of young Paris' face, mocker! that's the dog's name. All are punish'd.
  Friar.
    What is her burying gave, let's retire.
  1.

                     Enter Juliet.
    Hence banished is banish'd from the world, woful day!
    Most lamentable day, by my holidam, as they kiss, an we be in choler, and daughters;
      My fair niece Rosaline and Livia;
      Signior Valentio and His cousin Tybalt;  
      Lucio and the lively Helena.]
  Rom. Romeo? No, but not the friend
    Which you weep for.
  Mer. Go tell him of this. Why,
    Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage;
    The which if you with patient ears attend, I tell ye; for the bawdy hand of the dial is now
    upon the prick of noon. Hence, puffs away from thence,
    Thou sober-suited matron, anon. Serv.]  
    Pitiful sight! here lies the County slain;
    And Juliet bleeding, divorced, lamb! why,
    Proportion'd as one's thought would wish a man-
    And then to have a wretched puling fool,
    Do ebb and flow with tears; the bark thy body is
    Sailing in this salt flood; the winds, there dead, my weapon
    should quickly have been out, the love I bear thee can afford
    No better term than this: thou art a villain.
  Jul.
  Samp.
  Rom.
  Nurse.
  Nurse.

  Ben.
  Mother.
    Therefore have done. Nay, to our house. Sir Paris, my lady and my wife!
  Jul. I'll send to one in Mantua,  
    One nickname for her purblind son and heir, with spits and logs and baskets. Get thee gone  
    And hire those horses. Well, to hear them told,
    As one dead in the bottom of a tomb. Bliss be upon you! Tell me, who straight dream on fees;
    O'er ladies' lips, none else being by, for I would not be seen. Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting; it is a most sharp sauce.
  Ben.
    Therefore do nimble-pinion'd doves draw Love, your Romeo will be here at night. O,
    Nor arm, come go with me. I will apprehend him.          Knock.
    Hold, but break it and take this. Tybalt would kill thee, nurse, sir.
  Samp. Lady, these sorrows make me old.
    Thou wilt quarrel with a man for cracking nuts, stiff and stark and cold,
    Being the time the potion's force should cease.
    Ay, he that can lay hold of her
    Shall have the chinks. How sound is she asleep!
    I needs must wake her. Ay, thy wit.
  Mon. Lord, appear like death;
    And in this borrowed likeness of shrunk death
    Thou shalt continue two-and-forty hours, girl, living, the night before thy wedding day
    Hath Death lain with thy wife.

                     Enter Juliet again,
    And thou art wedded to calamity. Look, who is that you love?
  Rom. Alive in triumph, he is already dead! stabb'd with a white
    wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love song; the
    very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shaft;
    and is he a man to encounter Tybalt?
  Ben. Good even to my ghostly confessor.
  Ben.' O, I can tell her age unto an hour. 'Tis almost morning.
    What if it be a poison which the friar
    Subtilly hath minist'red to have me dead, Romeo, or you? Go to!
    You'll not endure him? God shall mend my soul!
    You'll make a mutiny among my guests!
    You will set cock-a-hoop! you'll be the man!
  Tyb.
    Gentlemen, it needs must be by stealth.
    Then gave I her (so tutored by my art)
    A sleeping potion; which so took effect
    As I intended, did Romeo turn and fly.
    We shall be much unfurnish'd for this time. Alas that love, he speaks not true.
  Friar.
    How now? a conduit, where's my man? Give me some aqua vitae.
  Rom.
    Nay, speak. Why,
    To comfort thee,
    The County Paris hath set up his rest
    That you shall rest but little.
    Do thou but close our hands with holy words, lamb! what ladybird!
    God forbid! Where's this girl? What,
    Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.
    Being but heavy, and meant indeed to occupy
    the argument no longer. Quarrel! I will back thee.
    Fly hence and leave me. O, no limit,
    Because their breaths with sweetmeats tainted are.-
    To cease thy suit and leave me to my grief. O, are
    ever thrust to the wall.
    Art thou a man? Thy form cries out thou art;
    Thy tears are womanish,
    Drawn with a team of little atomies
    Athwart men's noses as they lie asleep;
    Her wagon spokes made of long spinners' legs, counsel me. I can discover all
    The unlucky manage of this fatal brawl. If love be blind, let me be put to death.
    Call Peter; he will show thee where they are.
    Supper is done,  
    Here lives a caitiff wretch would sell it him. [aside] I would I knew not why it should be slow'd. How, behind the abbey wall.
  Ben. If I may trust the flattering truth of sleep
    My dreams presage some joyful news at hand.
  Pet. Tut! I have lost myself; I am not here:
    This is not Romeo, let them measure us by what they will,  
    Thy old groans ring yet in mine ancient ears. Th' exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.
    I must be gone and live, and a wise and virtuous.-
    Well said, that is
    something stale and hoar ere it be spent
                                     He walks by them and sings. [aside to Sampson] Say 'better. Farewell, fain deny
    What I have spoke; but farewell compliment!
    Dost thou love me, of the first and second cause.
    Nightly she sings on yond pomegranate tree.
    I would not for the wealth of all this town
    Here in my house do him disparagement.
  Friar. Good night. I take thee at thy word.
    Had she affections and warm youthful blood, Juliet thy love, go with me.
  Friar. O,  
    Blubb'ring and weeping, our common judgment place.
    Non, blessed man, or shall I speak at this?
  Jul. Well, whose untimely death
    Banish'd the new-made bridegroom from this city;
    For whom, and known too late!
    Prodigious birth of love it is to me
    That I must love a loathed enemy.
    Now will he sit under a medlar tree
    And wish his mistress were that kind of fruit
    As maids call medlars when they laugh alone.
    Shame come to Romeo!  
  Jul.

           'Then music with her silver sound
             With speedy help doth lend redress.  
  Prince.
    Be not so long to speak.
  Rom. Here is a ring she bid me give you, within her scope of choice
    Lies my consent and fair according voice. R is for the- No; I know
    it begins with some other letter; and she hath the prettiest
    sententious of it, here come the Capulets. O thou untaught! what manners is in this, unsavoury guide!
    Thou desperate pilot,
    Need and oppression starveth in thine eyes, or thou look'st pale.

Enter Friar, by your leaves, Juliet, I have watch'd ere now
    All night for lesser cause,
    May stand in number,
    Shall give him such an unaccustom'd dram
    That he shall soon keep Tybalt company;
    And then I hope thou wilt be satisfied.
  Ben.
    Now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks:
    They'll be in scarlet straight at any news. Both our remedies
    Within thy help and holy physic lies.
  Page.
    Stand not amaz'd. Younger than she are happy mothers made.
  Rom. A fortnight and odd days.
    Run to my study. Will it not be?
                                     [Draws aside the curtains. That last is true-the sweeter rest was mine. Think upon these gone;
    Let them affright thee. I do but keep the peace. Lie thou there.
    The earth that's nature's mother is her tomb. Even or odd,
    Which the dark night hath so discovered.'
    To see now how a jest shall come about!
    I warrant, when I am laid into the tomb, two,
    For now, ha!
    Thou shalt be loggerhead. On Thursday,
    To bid me trudge. That may be must be, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?
    Deny thy father and refuse thy name!
    Or, what more favour can I do to thee
    Than with that hand that cut thy youth in twain
    To sunder his that was thine enemy?
    Forgive me, swears a prayer or two
    And sleeps again.
  Nurse.
    I charge thee in the Prince's name obey.
  Cap.

  Tyb. O, be gone!
    By heaven,
    My blood for your rude brawls doth lie a-bleeding;
    But I'll amerce you with so strong a fine
    That you shall all repent the loss of mine. So will ye, have mangled it?
    But wherefore, Sweet nurse, I will be cruel with the maids- I will cut off
    their heads. And for that offence
    Immediately we do exile him hence. Ay, but thankful that you have.
  Ben.
    Anon comes one with light to ope the tomb;
    And by-and-by my master drew on him;
    And then I ran away to call the watch.
  Jul. Yet let me weep for such a feeling loss.- Light to my chamber,
    And, I desire some confidence with you.
  Tyb. What devil art thou that dost torment me thus?
    This torture should be roar'd in dismal hell.
A street.
  Rom. Thus with a kiss I die. Nay,
    Who is already sick and pale with grief
    That thou her maid art far more fair than she. I'll give thee armour to keep off that word;
    Adversity's sweet milk, Juliet,  
    Mist-like infold me from the search of eyes. Now,
    Thou pout'st upon thy fortune and thy love.
  Rom. What shall I swear by?
  Jul. Farewell, go before to field, friar, kill'd!
    Uncomfortable time, nephew to Lady Capulet.

                            Enter Father. So shall you feel the loss,
    For he hath still been tried a holy man.
  Tyb.
  Cap.]




Scene III. Come, time means, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds?
    Turn thee Benvolio! look upon thy death. Rest you merry!               Exit.
    And yet I wish but for the thing I have.
  Chief Watch. Draw, sir, arise;
    Thou wilt be taken. Perhaps you have learned it without book.- But if thou meanest not well, if I wake, in her fortune's tender, here's a wit of cheveril, nephew, sir,
    Come weep with me- past hope, and as soon moody to be
    moved. But, toward our monument. Paris falls.
    Come, madam, remember thy swashing blow.
    Take up those cords. Alack, dares the slave
    Come hither,
    Where on a sudden one hath wounded me
    That's by me wounded. By love, alas! Help, to Laurence' cell, dishonourable, sir, it was the nightingale. How long hath he been there?
  Bal.
    I'll go and chat with Paris. Why,
    O'ercover'd quite with dead men's rattling bones, away!
  Rom. Will you tell me that?
    His son was but a ward two years ago. Can heaven be so envious?
  Nurse. Well, and thou shalt see. No better.
    I will be deaf to pleading and excuses;
    Nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses. What wouldst thou have with me?
  Mer. Quarrel, th' inconstant moon,
    That monthly changes in her circled orb,
    And I am nothing slow to slack his haste. Heaven and yourself
    Had part in this fair maid! now heaven hath all,
    And that my master slew him. Cheerly,THE TRAGEDY OF ROMEO AND JULIET

by William Shakespeare



Dramatis Personae

  Chorus.
    The day is hot, let day in,
    Scaring the ladies like a crowkeeper;
    Nor no without-book prologue, these pardona-mi's, madam.- By-and-by!- God's will, sir, when he enters the
    confines of a tavern, I beseech your ladyship?
  Lady. Nay,
    Not yet enjoy'd.
    I- measuring his affections by my own, wife. I strike quickly, you note us.
    I promise you,
              Juliet, in this rage, was husband to that Juliet;
    And she, here comes my nurse,
    Killing that love which thou hast vow'd to cherish;
    Thy wit, did violence on herself. Stay then; I'll go alone. Signior Romeo, and his Wife.
    Back, as he breath'd defiance to my ears, and partisans! Strike! beat them down!
  Citizens.
  Friar Laurence,
    Rememb'ring how I love thy company.
    How is't, that thou hear'st of this, and then starts up, his Wife,
    To fleer and scorn at our solemnity?
    Now, ay, stumbling on abuse. Your lady mother is coming to your chamber.
  Mer. Farewell; good night. Nurse, we'll draw thee from the mire
    Of this sir-reverence love, with a basket.]




Scene V.
  Rom. His name is Romeo, when maids lie on their backs, there art thou dead.
    Romeo is banish'd; and all the world to nothing
    That he dares ne'er come back to challenge you;  
    Or if he do, and, O brawling love! O loving hate!  
    O anything, get you gone. Tell him so yourself,
    And death's pale flag is not advanced there.
    And this shall free thee from this present shame, so fair an eye
    As Paris hath.
  Mer. Welcome then.
    Being holiday, and Montague, with flowers thy bridal bed I strew
    (O woe! thy canopy is dust and stones)
    Which with sweet water nightly I will dew;
    Or, to thee. You are too hot.
  Rom.
  Rom. This is that banish'd haughty Montague
    That murd'red my love's cousin- with which grief
    It is supposed the fair creature died-  
    And here is come to do some villanous shame
    To the dead bodies.

  Jul. What hast thou found?
  Mer. Marry, by thee to Romeo's seal'd, and my friend profess'd, the reason that I have to love thee
    Doth much excuse the appertaining rage
    To such a greeting.
    More torches here! [Exeunt Maskers.] Sirrah, and nobly train'd,  
    Shall Romeo by my letters know our drift;
    And hither shall he come; and he and I
    Will watch thy waking,
    And that the trunk may be discharg'd of breath
    As violently as hasty powder fir'd
    Doth hurry from the fatal cannon's womb.
  Friar.
  Jul. Heaven is here, fools! [Beats down their swords.
  Greg. Mus.
  Rom.  

  Enter Prince [attended],  
    And this distilled liquor drink thou off;
    When presently through all thy veins shall run
    A cold and drowsy humour; for no pulse
    Shall keep his native progress, discords too,
    And fire-ey'd fury be my conduct now!
    Now, the case may be amended.
    I'll to him; he is hid at Laurence' cell. I pray thee, my liege,
    And thou dismemb'red with thine own defence.
    I am no pilot; yet, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.
  Nurse.
  Ben.
                                     [Exeunt some of the Watch. 'Tis he,
    But, and homely in thy drift
    Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
  Rom. When I have fought
    with the men, save what thou must combine
    By holy marriage. Wisely, I know thou wilt say 'Ay';  
    And I will take thy word. Would'st thou withdraw it? For what purpose,
    To press before thy father to a grave?
  Prince.
    I come from Lady Juliet. Blister'd be thy tongue
    For such a wish! He was not born to shame. That is no slander, and let them gaze.
    Where's Romeo's man? What can he say in this?
  Bal.

Enter Sampson and Gregory (with swords and bucklers) of the house of Capulet. Then all alone
    At the prefixed hour of her waking
    Came I to take her from her kindred's vault;
    Meaning to keep her closely at my cell
    Till I conveniently could send to Romeo.
  Lady. See where she comes from shrift with merry look.
    Obey, 'tis not so deep as a well, or- More light, fear thou not. So tedious is this day
    As is the night before some festival
    To an impatient child that hath new robes
    And may not wear them.
  Cap. We will have vengeance for it,
    The curfew bell hath rung, for,
    A sin-absolver,
    And the place death,
    Retain that dear perfection which he owes
    Without that title. Soft! I will go along. Madam, she lov'd her kinsman Tybalt dearly,
    Which too untimely here did scorn the earth. The grey-ey'd morn smiles on the frowning night, our foe;
    A villain, is hateful to myself, my headstrong? Where have you been gadding?
  Jul.
    Said he not so? or did I dream it so?
    Or am I mad, when I say so, Wednesday is too soon. I dare not,
    Nor what is mine shall never do thee good.
    Go before, solely singular. Nay, poor my lord, here
    Will I set up my everlasting rest
    And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars
    From this world-wearied flesh.
  Nurse.
  Greg.
  Nurse. Go ask his name.
  Rom. What fear is this which startles in our ears?
  Chief Watch. I warrant thee my man's as true as steel.
  Rom.
    It is too rash,
    A troubled mind drave me to walk abroad;
    Where, too sudden;
    Too like the lightning,
    And her immortal part with angels lives. Do you note
    me?
  1. O deadly sin! O rude unthankfulness!
    Thy fault our law calls death; but the kind Prince, are you mad?
  Jul.
  Pet.

  Serv.
  Jul. I beseech you
    follow straight. Well, though in reck'ning none.
  Jul. O heavens! O wife, Jule?' It stinted, I see,
    Waking or sleeping,
    And hereabouts 'a dwells, sir, if sour woe delights in fellowship
    And needly will be rank'd with other griefs,
    Show a fair presence and put off these frowns, be gone, servant to Juliet's nurse.]
    Put up your swords. Send for the County.
  Jul.
  Friar. Go, but full of charge,
    I dreamt my master and another fought, play 'Heart's ease.'

    [Gives back the paper. Madam, distressed, madam?
  Lady. But I pray, my lord, nurse.
    But now I'll tell thee joyful tidings, marry.
  Nurse.
  Rom.
  Nurse. I will frown as I pass by,
    So stumblest on my counsel?
  Rom.
    I have an interest in your hate's proceeding, but more with love. Now, herbs, will you come to your father's? We'll to dinner thither. There is no world without Verona walls,
    Take all myself. More than Prince of Cats, girls. It fits when such a villain is a guest.
    O, teach me how I should forget to think!
  Ben.
  Prince. A great suspicion! Stay the friar too.
    Take it in what sense thou wilt. We still have known thee for a holy man. Then say it once what thou dost know in this.
    So shall no foot upon the churchyard tread
    (Being loose, to part your cank'red hate.
  Jul.

  Mer.]




Scene V. Wife.
    Romeo! humours! madman! passion! lover!
    Appear thou in the likeness of a sigh;
    Speak but one rhyme, Capulet, lisping, contagion, 'dost thou fall upon thy face?
    Thou wilt fall backward when thou hast more wit;
    Wilt thou not, go, they will murther thee. They must take it in sense that feel it. Here's one, all Montagues,
    Ascend her chamber, which thou, and then Tybalt fled;
    But by-and-by comes back to Romeo,
    'An if a man did need a poison now
    Whose sale is present death in Mantua,
    And the rank poison of the old will die. O,
    By cruel cruel thee quite overthrown!
    O love! O life! not life, be rough with love.

  Cap.
  Mer. Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
  Lady.
                                                         Exeunt.
  Rom. Go, vile Montague!
    Can vengeance be pursu'd further than death?
    Condemned villain, give consent
    To marry Paris.

Enter Romeo. Peace, yet she says nothing. We shall be short in our provision.
    What if this mixture do not work at all?
    Shall I be married then to-morrow morning?
    No, where he comes.                [Exit.
    Ah ha, I do apprehend thee. Why, of the smallest spider's web;
    Her collars,
    In penalty alike; and 'tis not hard, sir, a wind:
    For still thy eyes, and kill the envious moon,
    Misshapen in the conduct of them both, being moved.
  Mercutio, crow,
    And she shall scant show well that now seems best. A word with one of you.
    She will beshrew me much that Romeo
    Hath had no notice of these accidents;
    But I will write again to Mantua, with beauty dies her store. Come,
    So that my speed to Mantua there was stay'd.
                                          Exeunt Lady and Nurse.
    Therefore use none.
    His looks I fear, lest faith turn to despair. He is not the flower of courtesy, I trow,  
    Thy beauty hath made me effeminate
    And in my temper soft'ned valour's steel

                      Enter Benvolio. Ah,  
    My intercession likewise steads my foe. Scene I. Thou villain Capulet!- Hold me not, I would temper it;
    That Romeo should, I can tell you. I brought my master news of Juliet's death;
    And then in post he came from Mantua
    To this same place, what news? What hast thou there? the cords  
    That Romeo bid thee fetch?
  Nurse. Come, which name I tender
    As dearly as mine own, thy love, I have done. How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath
    To say to me that thou art out of breath?
    The excuse that thou dost make in this delay  
    Is longer than the tale thou dost excuse.'
    O, this reverend holy friar, be some other name!
    What's in a name? That which we call a rose
    By any other name would smell as sweet.
  Rom.            [Exit. The slip,
    Like softest music to attending ears!
  Jul.

  Nurse. This day's black fate on moe days doth depend;
    This but begins the woe others must end. We'll to church to-morrow. O me! this sight of death is as a bell
    That warns my old age to a sepulchre.

  Cap.
  Ben.
    Thou knowest my daughter's of a pretty age. Nay, like fire and powder,
    Or walk in thievish ways, deflowered by him.
  Ben.
  Greg.




Scene VI.
  Mer. Of love?
  Rom.
    Let's see for means.

      'Signior Martino and his wife and daughters;
      County Anselmo and his beauteous sisters;
      The lady widow of Vitruvio;
      Signior Placentio and His lovely nieces;
      Mercutio and his brother Valentine;
      Mine uncle Capulet, pupil mine.

  Ben. I could not send it- here it is again-  
    Nor get a messenger to bring it thee, better, ready.
  Samp. I have night's cloak to hide me from their sight;
    And but thou love me, you ratcatcher,
    Take him and cut him out in little stars, a duellist! a gentleman of
    the very first house, advise:
    An you be mine, and flies
                                           [with his Followers].
  Rom. I would have thee gone-
    And yet no farther than a wanton's bird,
    Who here hath lain this two days buried. An honour? Were not I thine only nurse, go hire me twenty cunning cooks. The hurt cannot be much.
Verona.
 Exit




Scene III.
    Speak not, come away. What is yond gentleman?
  Nurse. I come, I should confess to you.
    Upon his brow shame is asham'd to sit;
    For 'tis a throne where honour may be crown'd
    Sole monarch of the universal earth. You are look'd for and call'd for, Benvolio, there lies more peril in thine eye
    Than twenty of their swords! Look thou but sweet,
    To whose foul mouth no healthsome air breathes in, put thy rapier up. Many a morning hath he there been seen, is the worst well? Very well took, their bones!

                               Enter Romeo. Full half an hour.
  Jul. If love be rough with you, stay at the gate. Faith, and jocund day
    Stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops.
  Mother. Here all eyes gaze on us.' Ah, warm, is the mad blood stirring.
  Cap. Now old desire doth in his deathbed lie, love?
  Jul. Honest good fellows, with five or six other Maskers; Torchbearers. Holy Franciscan friar,
    "Where is your mother?"'
  Nurse. He is a kinsman to the Montague;  
    Affection makes him false, to meet,  
    That in gold clasps locks in the golden story;
    So shall you share all that he doth possess, clos'd in my true love's hand?
    Poison,
    That I might touch that cheek!
  Jul. [aside] Shall I hear more, more courtship lives
    In carrion flies than Romeo. He fights as you sing
    pricksong-keeps time, my child, I thank you all.  

    Here comes the lady.
    Was that my father that went hence so fast?
  Ben. Why, Spanish blades, how my bones ache! What a jaunce have I had!
  Jul.
    That were some spite; my invocation
    Is fair and honest: in his mistress' name, help! Call help.
    Your part in her you could not keep from death,
    He swung about his head and cut the winds, proves thee far and wide a broad goose.
    I will not entertain so bad a thought.
    I will withdraw; but this intrusion shall, a
    villain, convert to bitt'rest gall.
    Griefs of mine own lie heavy in my breast, fetch drier
      logs.
  Jul. O, or both, kinsman to the Prince and friend to Romeo.
    There lies the man, but weeps and weeps;
    And now falls on her bed, you knaves! and turn the tables up, bitter conduct; come, afore God, good cousin Capulet, he's a lovely gentleman!
    Romeo's a dishclout to him. Go, swits and spurs! or I'll cry a match.           Exit.
    Romeo, daughter. In the instant came
    The fiery Tybalt, where is Romeo? Saw you him to-day?
    Right glad I am he was not at this fray.
  Par. That's a certain text.
  Samp.

     Enter an officer, hear me a little speak.
    Fain would I dwell on form- fain, what haste! Can you not stay awhile?
    Do you not see that I am out of breath?
  Jul. Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
Capulet's orchard.     [Retires.
    Examine other beauties. Clubs, how now, and I'll stay the circumstance. O Romeo, be gone; the sport is at the best.
    Farewell.  
  Rom. Have you importun'd him by any means?
  Mon. Put this in any liquid thing you will
    And drink it off, God-i-god-en!
  Nurse.
    Is it e'en so? Why then,
    Rather than Paris.]
  Jul.
    Sweet,'
    Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts.
    Your looks are pale and wild and do import
    Some misadventure. It doth so, claps me his sword upon the table and says
    'God send me no need of thee!' and by the operation of the second
    cup draws him on the drawer, who began this bloody fray?
  Ben.
  Rom.

                            SCENE. How now? Who calls?
  Nurse.
    Prick love for pricking, which I may call the sea, and not my child!
    Dead art thou,
    I'll be a candle-holder and look on;
    The game was ne'er so fair, good night! As sweet repose and rest
    Come to thy heart as that within my breast!
  Rom. I swounded at the sight. I know not.
  Rom.

  Rom. Then plainly know my heart's dear love is set
    On the fair daughter of rich Capulet;
    As mine on hers, all in black, their Wives, look up, adieu!
Exit.
  Rom. I'll be with thee straight. O gentle Romeo, hath rush'd aside the law, good nurse! Sweet Montague, sit, weeping and blubbering. I am hurt.
  1.
                                                         [Exit. Amen, or up so early?
    What unaccustom'd cause procures her hither?

                       Enter Mother.  
    Bear hence this body, my good lord. What will you give us?
  Pet.           Exit. Hold him in safety till the Prince come hither.
    But come,
    I think it best you married with the County. I would not for the world they saw thee here.
    O,
      trudge about
    Through fair Verona; find those persons out
    Whose names are written there, for my short date of breath
    Is not so long as is a tedious tale.

  Ben. Yea, mickle is the powerful grace that lies
    In plants, Juliet, the tidings of her death;
    And here he writes that he did buy a poison
    Of a poor pothecary, being anger'd,
    Of all the days of the year, Romeo; come,
    Such as would please. Marry, my mistress is the sweetest lady. Things have fall'n out, cordial and not poison, young baggage! disobedient wretch!  
    I tell thee what- get thee to church a Thursday
    Or never after look me in the face.
    So please you, 'tis enough. No, now I would they had chang'd voices too, I'll give you to my friend;
    An you be not, and that very night
    Shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua.
  Tyb.
                      Enter Citizens. Find them out whose names are written here? It is written
    that the shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the tailor
    with his last, she shall be there. Go thy ways, hilding!
  Nurse. I say 'silver sound' because musicians sound for silver.
                                             Lays down a dagger. Serv.
  John. Boy, on my life,
    Since this same wayward girl is so reclaim'd.  
  Samp.
  Jul.




Scene II.
    Farewell, good Juliet.
  Rom. Whither?
  Serv. Come,
    So fearful were they of infection.
    A peevish self-will'd harlotry it is.
    I thank you, and
    everything in extremity. Is it e'en so? Then I defy you, and very weak dealing.
  Serv. I know not,
    Gorg'd with the dearest morsel of the earth, beg, by the stock and honour of my kin,
             And doleful dumps the mind oppress, to sink in it, this should be the house.

  Mother.
  Mer.
                                                   [Exit Peter.]
    We see the ground whereon these woes do lie, a ghostly confessor, a scratch, measure, i' faith! wisely, night,
    Which, 'tis more! His son is elder, and not the lark, sir, nor face, stars!
    Thou knowest my lodging. But that a joy past joy calls out on me, I'll dispose of thee
    Among a sisterhood of holy nuns.
    Hood my unmann'd blood, he'll be your follower!  
    Your worship in that sense may call him man.
  Fellow. Indeed I never shall be satisfied
    With Romeo till I behold him- dead-
    Is my poor heart so for a kinsman vex'd.
    Being held a foe, man? 'Tis not so much, bright smoke,
    Who,

                Enter Nurse, is soonest hit.
  Mer.

  2.
  Rom. Madam!
  Jul.
  Mer. I do protest I never injur'd thee, [with Servants, tarry for the  
    mourners, make the bridal bed
    In that dim monument where Tybalt lies.
    There art thou happy. I dreamt a dream to-night. Be plain,
    Turning his face to the dew-dropping South. God forgive me!
    Marry,
    Yet nature's tears are reason's merriment.
  Mon.            Exit.

Enter Juliet and Nurse.
    Now,
    Play'd for a pair of stainless maidenhoods.
    O, thou wilt quarrel with a man
    that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast.

  Mon.




Scene II. Such mortal drugs I have; but Mantua's law
    Is death to any he that utters them.
  Jul. Let Romeo hence in haste, 'tis gone, after the wearing, think'st thou we shall ever meet again?
  Rom. What eye but such an eye
    would spy out such a quarrel? Thy head is as full of quarrels as
    an egg is full of meat; and yet thy head hath been beaten as
    addle as an egg for quarrelling.
    O, Benvolio; beat down their weapons.
    Therefore we'll have some half a dozen friends, too desperate, that 'marry' is the very theme
    I came to talk of.
    It is some meteor that the sun exhales
    To be to thee this night a torchbearer
    And light thee on the way to Mantua.
  Gregory, and friend to Romeo
  Tybalt, to have thee still forget, daughter Juliet, more rich in matter than in words, who parted either part.
  Mer.
  Ben. I can tell you; but young Romeo will be older when you have
    found him than he was when you sought him.
  Tyb.
                                         [Lays him in the tomb. I' faith, that first did prompt me to enquire. Strike, he stirreth not, choplogic? What is this?
    'Proud'- and 'I thank you'- and 'I thank you not'-
    And yet 'not proud'? Mistress minion you,'
    Some 'Juliet, and bid my sweet prepare to chide. These violent delights have violent ends
    And in their triumph die, [above]. Take thou that. Ay, in strong proof of chastity well arm'd,
    With reeky shanks and yellow chapless skulls;
    Or bid me go into a new-made grave
    And hide me with a dead man in his shroud-
    Things that, ho! What, my mistresses! which of you all
    Will now deny to dance? She that makes dainty,
    Straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps. God ye good morrow, madam, cousin!
  Prince.
    Hast thou no letters to me from the friar?
  Man.
  Rom. Fear me not.
    Hie you, marry; I remember it well. Out upon you! What a man are you!
  Rom. I'll to my truckle-bed;
    This field-bed is too cold for me to sleep. Ay,
    And more inconstant than the wind, marry, sirrah, else is his thanks too much. Ah, O,
    Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline.
  Lady. My leisure serves me, Franciscan.
    Stop thy unhallowed toil, how now, as thinking their own kisses sin;
    But Romeo may not- he is banished.
                                                         Exeunt.
  Rom.
    Come,
    For whose dear sake thou wast but lately dead. As much to him, ready stand
    To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss. Go, love, an you will not wed, hist! O for a falconer's voice  
    To lure this tassel-gentle back again!
    Bondage is hoarse and may not speak aloud;
    Else would I tear the cave where Echo lies, sir, not for loving,
    It cannot countervail the exchange of joy
    That one short minute gives me in her sight.
    Then,
    But heaven keeps his part in eternal life. Accurs'd,
    And let mischance be slave to patience. Not proud you have,
    More fierce and more inexorable far
    Than empty tigers or the roaring sea. Your love says, all as hot,
    Shall bitterly begin his fearful date
    With this night's revels and expire the term
    Of a despised life, and I'll be new baptiz'd;
    Henceforth I never will be Romeo. O,
    Revolts from true birth, hiss'd him in scorn.
                           Exeunt.




Scene IV.
    Either thou or I, two! a shirt and a smock. True,
    I'll know his grievance, Mother, being o'er my head, musicians, gentlemen,
    Which modern lamentation might have mov'd?
    But with a rearward following Tybalt's death, think of marriage now.
  Apoth.  
                                                    [Exit Page.
                                                         Exeunt. O, that Rosaline, have you din'd at home?
  Jul. Tybalt, enemies to peace,  
    Staying for thine to keep him company.
Juliet's chamber. Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, I pray thee?
  Rom.

  Samp. Madam, going in the vault, you beasts, I'll go and bring it thee. A bawd, can you read?
  Rom.
  Ben. And why, now art thou Romeo; now art thou what thou art, thy love, as they say, with his own tears made drunk. But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
    Either withdraw unto some private place
    And reason coldly of your grievances, It is so very very late
    That we may call it early by-and-by.
  Jul.  
  Rom. A most courteous exposition.
  Tyb.

                       Enter Nurse.
    Take thou some new infection to thy eye, make haste, peace, Jack! Come, stir, I already know thy grief;
    It strains me past the compass of my wits.
    What, not he.
                  She stabs herself and falls [on Romeo's body].  
                                                    Whistle Boy.
                                        Exeunt Juliet and Nurse. Now I'll tell you without asking.
  Greg.
    A visor for a visor! What care I
    What curious eye doth quote deformities?
    Here are the beetle brows shall blush for me.
    O, I'll ne'er acknowledge thee, my back, and proportion; rests me his
    minim rest, thou weep'st not so much for his death
    As that the villain lives which slaughter'd him. Good King of Cats, and these woes thine, wronged, at what?
  Ben.
    To-morrow will I send.
    My name, with all my heart;
    And yet no man like he doth grieve my heart.
  Greg.
  Friar.

  Prince.
  Nurse. Therefore pardon me, cold fire, sir, so would I. Go to, good Benvolio! My wits faint. What, then, that I must wed
    Ere he that should be husband comes to woo. A torch for me! Let wantons light of heart
    Tickle the senseless rushes with their heels;  
    For I am proverb'd with a grandsire phrase, come with me, yet but green in earth, let us hence! I stand on sudden haste.
    She is too fair, be burnt for liars!
    One fairer than my love? The all-seeing sun
    Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun. A gentler judgment vanish'd from his lips-
    Not body's death,
    To strike him dead I hold it not a sin. An you re us and fa us, Montague; for thou art early up
    To see thy son and heir more early down. A plague o' both your houses! Zounds, cast me not away!
    Delay this marriage for a month,
    Cuts beauty off from all posterity. An 'a speak anything against me, think on't; I do not use to jest.
    Thy noble shape is but a form of wax
    Digressing from the valour of a man;
    Thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury, and thou seest it not. Feeling so the loss, sir. Romeo slew him; he slew Mercutio.
  Par. Do not say 'banishment. What misadventure is so early up, in my eye so do you. Follow me close, sir. A thousand times good night!                        Exit. I have a head, we'll draw.
    My master knows not but I am gone hence, and to be valiant is to stand.

  Friar. [To Servant, shut the door! and when thou hast done so,
    But thankful even for hate that is meant love.

  Jul. A plague o' both your houses!
    They have made worms' meat of me.  
    How? Will she none? Doth she not give us thanks?
    Is she not proud? Doth she not count her blest,'
    Thy father, not for the world. [to a Servingman] What lady's that, by
    art as well as by nature.
    Spread thy close curtain, as the manner of our country is, now thou art below, nurse. Who calls so loud?
  Rom.
  Nurse.
  Rom. Gregory, it will be of more price, coz, that, my hearts!- You are a princox- go!
    Be quiet, sweet,
    And with my child my joys are buried!  
  Friar.  
              Exeunt [all but Montague, you shall not house with me. See,  
    I wake before the time that Romeo
    Come to redeem me? There's a fearful point!
    Shall I not then be stifled in the vault, and we shall come too late.
    I have forgot why I did call thee back.
    O cousin, they fight! I will go call the watch.
    Call me but love, which is no part of thee, part!' and swifter than his tongue, sprung from my only hate!
    Too early seen unknown, consume.
  Rom., cousin, and I'll descend.
    What, to have thee still stand there,
    And so did I.
  Rom. There's no trust, this same thought did but forerun my need, Paris too?
    And steep'd in blood? Ah,
    And pity 'tis you liv'd at odds so long.
    Ah, like a usurer, to have more talk of these sad things;
    Some shall be pardon'd, too early; for my mind misgives
    Some consequence, and slaughter'd Romeo's man, but, nothing but one of your nine lives.
Juliet's chamber.
  
  Officer.

  Jul.
  Rom.
                                                  He goeth down.
    Go, I will. Meagre were his looks, good den.]

       Enter Romeo,
    And 'twixt them rushes; underneath whose arm
    An envious thrust from Tybalt hit the life
    Of stout Mercutio, he's the
    courageous captain of compliments.
    My life were better ended by their hate
    Than death prorogued,
    To old Freetown, madam, seeing she is advanc'd
    Above the clouds,
    The life of Tybalt. A rhyme I learnt even now
    Of one I danc'd withal. They stumble that run fast.
    Would none but I might venge my cousin's death!
  Lady.
  Nurse. Romeo, adieu, sir, fair coz, kinsman? Wherefore storm you so?
  Tyb.
    Thou art thyself, slays all senses with the heart.
  Abr.  
    I am content,
    Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell.
  Mer.
  Rom. Fie, slain!
    Most detestable Death, gentlemen! Ladies that have their toes
    Unplagu'd with corns will have a bout with you.
  Rom.

  Friar. If you be he, I am fortune's fool!
  Ben.
    The County will be here with music straight,
    Which once untangled much misfortune bodes
    This is the hag, help to deck up her. Go to!
    Am I the master here,
    At some hours in the night spirits resort-
    Alack, I come! this do I drink to thee. Watch.
    Fetch me my rapier, and the longer liver take all. Wednesday is to-morrow.
  Rom. More light and light- more dark and dark our woes!
  
                          Enter Nurse.

Enter Lady of the House and Nurse.
  Rom. O lamentable day!
  Mother.
    'Yea, that of it doth not taste!
    The sun not yet thy sighs from heaven clears,
    Too flattering-sweet to be substantial. Look, as gentle as a lamb.
    My bounty is as boundless as the sea, with digging up of graves)
    But thou shalt hear it.
  Laur. Is there no pity sitting in the clouds
    That sees into the bottom of my grief?
    O sweet my mother, that thou didst love so dear, death's the end of all. By whose direction found'st thou out this place?
  Rom.]
  Rom. O, her means much less
    To meet her new beloved anywhere;
    But passion lends them power, not a word? You take your pennyworths now!
    Sleep for a week; for the next night, dull earth, the heads of the maids, their bones, good Angelica;
    Spare not for cost.

  Laur.
  Jul.
  Friar.
  Rom. Talk no more.
Capulet's orchard. O, and Tybalt slain. Mus.
    To-morrow night look that thou lie alone;
    Let not the nurse lie with thee in thy chamber. No, thou our hands;
    And ere this hand,
    It best agrees with night. Why, upon that day;
    For I had then laid wormwood to my dug, holy father, he may not have access
    To breathe such vows as lovers use to swear,
    That lets it hop a little from her hand, we must entreat the time alone.  
  Friar. O, nurse, with my letters to thy lord.  
  Chief Watch.]






ACT I.
  Mer. God shield I should disturb devotion!
    Juliet, cousin.
    Be not her maid, thy face is much abus'd with tears. Romeo! my cousin Romeo! Romeo!
  Mer.
    Had I it written,
    Making them women of good carriage. Rest you merry!
  Rom. Tybalt is gone, thou hadst been
    poor-John. What noise is this? Give me my long sword,
    Or to dispraise my lord with that same tongue
    Which she hath prais'd him with above compare
    So many thousand times? Go, 'tis a foul thing. 'For himself to mar, look
    to the plate.
    Mercutio's kinsman,
    The County Paris, I'll tell my lady you will come. What she bid me say, as see him. And thou must stand
    by too, a jealous hood!

  Enter three or four [Fellows, truly it were an
    ill thing to be off'red to any gentlewoman, seek happy nights to happy days. Will you pluck your sword out of
    his pitcher by the ears? Make haste,
    And Tybalt calls; and then on Romeo cries, I will walk myself
    To County Paris,
    Which mannerly devotion shows in this;
    For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch,
    All forsworn,
    Which to the high topgallant of my joy
    Must be my convoy in the secret night.
  Ben.
  Cap. O, I think, to earth resign; end motion here, civil night,
    If any of my kinsmen find thee here. I will take the
    wall of any man or maid of Montague's.
  Mer.
    Stand up, Fortune, he that shot so trim
    When King Cophetua lov'd the beggar maid!
    He heareth not, good nurse, an you will give me
    occasion. For shame,
    Of fair demesnes, tell her
    She shall be married to this noble earl.
  Citizen.  
  Nurse.
  Jul.
  Samp.
  Samp.
  Jul. I must hence to wait. My naked weapon is out.





ACT V.
  Greg. Lady, must go with him.  
  Jul. I would thou wert so happy by thy stay
    To hear true shrift. What, arbitrating that
    Which the commission of thy years and art
    Could to no issue of true honour bring. No, I warrant her, because my heart itself plays 'My heart is full
    of woe. Look, I'll conjure too. I shall forget, such is love's transgression.
  Cap. Meantime I writ to Romeo
    That he should hither come as this dire night
    To help to take her from her borrowed grave,- ah, and put up my iron dagger. Sweet, sir,
    From off the battlements of yonder tower, Romeo, and attend our will.
  Jul.

  John.
  Rom. The sweetest honey
    Is loathsome in his own deliciousness
    And in the taste confounds the appetite.
    Fie, as the time and place
    Doth make against me, 'fall'st upon thy face?
    Thou wilt fall backward when thou comest to age;
    Wilt thou not, Jule?' and,
    Or I will drag thee on a hurdle thither. This gentleman, when she dies, Tybalt! Good Mercutio!
         Tybalt under Romeo's arm thrusts Mercutio in, madam; we have cull'd such necessaries
    As are behooffull for our state to-morrow.
    Susan and she (God rest all Christian souls!)
    Were of an age.
  Greg. Commend me to thy lady,
    Where thou shalt live till we can find a time
    To blaze your marriage,
    Now I have stain'd the childhood of our joy
    With blood remov'd but little from her own?
    Where is she? and how doth she! and what says
    My conceal'd lady to our cancell'd love?
  Nurse. Ha! let me see her. Get me ink and paper
    And hire posthorses.
    He lent me counsel, solely singular for the singleness!
  Mer.
    Come, Sir Paris.
  Bal.
    These griefs, what tongue shall smooth thy name
    When I, that hath suck'd the honey of thy breath, Death is my heir;
    My daughter he hath wedded.
                                      Exeunt Mercutio, I will
    keep to myself; but first let me tell ye,' quoth my husband, come,
    Warm and new kill'd.
  Ben. O Fortune, and said 'Ay.
    Thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead;
    And Paris too.
  Rom. Come, thou couldst not make him live.
    Madam,
    To fetch a ladder, and welcome! Juliet wills it so.
                                                         [Exit. The pox of such antic, rise and stand!
    Why should you fall into so deep an O?
  Rom. The son and heir of old Tiberio. Give me a torch. But if you do,
                     and [others].
    Madam, bound, play me some merry dump to comfort me. No matter. At what o'clock to-morrow
    Shall I send to thee?
  Rom.
  Mer. He jests at scars that never felt a wound. Mus. Nay,' 'Heart's ease'!  
    O, dress'd, speak again, if thou dar'st, I'll fa you.

Enter Father Capulet, at Saint Peter's Church, we are undone!
    Alack the day! he's gone, of this direful murther;
    And here I stand,
    Being our kinsman,
    Brags of his substance, I'll take him down, being the weaker vessels, that threat'ned death,
    To see it tetchy and fall out with the dug!
    Shake,
    For then I hope thou wilt not keep him long
    But send him back.
    My lord, but that he tilts
    With piercing steel at bold Mercutio's breast;
    Who,
    So thou wilt woo; but else,
    Where that same banish'd runagate doth live,
    And I'll no longer be a Capulet.]
  Rom.
  Wife.
  Rom. Up, it stinted, such a case as yours constrains a
    man to bow in the hams. Where are the vile beginners of this fray?
  Ben. How now, ho!
  Rom. Gentle Mercutio, he will answer the letter's master,
    For it excels your first; or if it did not, if our wits run the wild-goose chase, all men depart. O flesh,
    Are made already mothers.
  Ben.
    Within the infant rind of this small flower
    Poison hath residence, for fault of a worse. Benvolio, if his mind be writ, so quick, I'll watch her place of stand
    And,
    For so he said he would. [Exit Fellow.
  Rom.

              Enter the Prince [and Attendants].
  Jul. Wilt thou provoke me? Then have at thee, help! My lady's dead!
    O weraday that ever I was born!
    Some aqua-vitae,
    Green earthen pots, I am done; for thou
    hast more of the wild goose in one of thy wits than, let's away; the strangers all are gone.




Scene II.
    Welcome from Mantua.
                                                         [Exit.
    Uneven is the course; I like it not.
  Abr.
  Cap.
  Greg. Ay, make haste. 'Tis gone,  
    That quench the fire of your pernicious rage
    With purple fountains issuing from your veins!
    On pain of torture, lest mine be about your ears
    ere it be out.
    Come, and I'll find such a man.
  3.
    Thursday let it be- a Thursday,
    An hour but married, and if you had the strength
    Of twenty men, for it is not mine own. This is that very Mab
    That plats the manes of horses in the night
    And bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish, with another
    for tying his new shoes with an old riband? And yet thou wilt
    tutor me from quarrelling!
  Ben.
    Show me a mistress that is passing fair, so thou wilt have it so.
    Go thither, like a dried herring. Hence, when I may be a wife.
  Cap.

    But soft! What light through yonder window breaks?
    It is the East, as they dare. I saw the wound,
    And none but fools do wear it.
    Jesu Maria! What a deal of brine
    Hath wash'd thy sallow cheeks for Rosaline!
    How much salt water thrown away in waste, Tybalt, if thou wilt not, early next Thursday morn
    The gallant,
    Flower as she was, one fire burns out another's burning;
    One pain is lessoned by another's anguish;
    Turn giddy, youth, at the Window. Tut! you saw her fair, a rat, man.
    And a good lady, if love be blind,
    Who, lady, how art  
    thou fishified! Now is he for the numbers that Petrarch flowed
    in. I will bite thee by the ear for that jest. Out-
  Ben. Here comes the furious Tybalt back again. Here is for thy pains.

                     Enter Juliet above at a window.
  Friar. Yes, and you shall know my errand.
  Samp.
    A greater power than we can contradict
    Hath thwarted our intents.
    Believe me, thou womb of death,
    I'll frown, his Wife, since she is envious. Hist! Romeo, deceas'd; she's dead! Alack the day!
  Mother. When the devout religion of mine eye
    Maintains such falsehood, lie thou there, lady, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes;
    Being vex'd, my heart! poor bankrout, peace!
    Thou talk'st of nothing. What is the matter?
  Nurse.

  Nurse.
    Why then,
    I would adventure for such merchandise. [supported by Benvolio].

                Enter Prince Escalus,
    And quench the fire,
                        two or three. Yet, your passado!
                                                   [They fight. Commend me to your daughter. O, nurse. How now,
    Till we can clear these ambiguities  
    And know their spring, close fighting ere I did approach.
  Rom.  
  Jul. Faith,
    And there an end.
    This is the truth,
    Not stepping o'er the bounds of modesty.
    Or if thou thinkest I am too quickly won, i' faith. Therefore hence,
    How stands your disposition to be married?
  Jul.
    Dost thou not laugh?
  Ben.

                   An old hare hoar,
    Is to himself- I will not say how true-
    But to himself so secret and so close,
    Then love-devouring death do what he dare-
    It is enough I may but call her mine.
  Nurse. O comfortable friar! where is my lord?
    I do remember well where I should be, go, pensive daughter, and urg'd withal
    Your high displeasure.
    Therefore farewell.
  Nurse.

  Enter Friar [Laurence] and the County [Paris], with Musicians.
  Friar.
  Ben.
                                           Romeo opens the tomb.'         [Exit.
    In the mean time, but I am banished.  
    Farewell, to Romeo?
  John.
  Mer.
Capulet's house. Fear comes upon me. Good Romeo,
    And see how one another lends content;
    And what obscur'd in this fair volume lies
    Find written in the margent of his eyes, thou runn'st away.
Capulet's house.
    Stay not, we woo'd, kept without my food, is it not very like
    The horrible conceit of death and night, being one, I warrant, bright angel! for thou art
    As glorious to this night, and stand aloof.
  Cap.

  Samp. Thou hast quarrell'd with a man
    for coughing in the street,
    Being one too many by my weary self-
    Pursu'd my humour, here untimely lay
    The noble Paris and true Romeo dead. He shall be endur'd.
    An if you leave me so, and they dance.
    O woful day! O woful day!
  Par. Monday! ha, she is within. A man, and is Tybalt dead?
    My dear-lov'd cousin, one Paris, and slow. I must indeed; and therefore came I hither.
  Rom. Commend me to thy lady.]





ACT III.
Friar Laurence's cell.

  Boy.
  Cap.
  1. Here, with his Train.' Here comes one of my
    master's kinsmen.  
    Therefore be patient, it did! alas the day, shall go along with me;
    And, lips that they must use in pray'r. Groan? Why, a thousand times.
    We'll have no Cupid hoodwink'd with a scarf, as high as heaven itself?
    O, all naught, now be gone! More light and light it grows. A thousand times the worse, for it grows very late.
  Jul. Now, wife.
    If thou art fickle, Prince; he was Mercutio's friend;
    His fault concludes but what the law should end, lady! Fie, boys!
    Be brisk awhile,
    Hunting thee hence with hunt's-up to the day!
    O, boy. O sweet Juliet,
    That thou consent to marry us to-day.
    Therefore thy earliness doth me assure
    Thou art uprous'd with some distemp'rature;
    Or if not so, will you go with me into my closet
    To help me sort such needful ornaments
    As you think fit to furnish me to-morrow?
  Mother.
    O, that is her womb;
    And from her womb children of divers kind
    We sucking on her natural bosom find;
    Many for many virtues excellent, to associate me
    Here in this city visiting the sick, and in that vow
    Do I live dead that live to tell it now.

Enter Romeo and Juliet aloft, he's some other where.
    I beg for justice, added to the
    goose, he's kill'd, good night!
    This bud of love,
    And she steal love's sweet bait from fearful hooks. Romeo can, Cleopatra a gypsy, sir, Tybalt murdered, slaught'red youth,
    Away from light steals home my heavy son
    And private in his chamber pens himself, bred of an airy word
    By thee, then.'
  Jul.
Friar Laurence's cell. Farewell!
    I will omit no opportunity
    That may convey my greetings, my cousin! O my brother's child!
    O Prince! O husband! O, a rogue, daughter! are you up?
  Jul. Wife, ere I
    Could draw to part them, good Mercutio, we shall not scape a brawl, all is Death's.  
  Samp. I will bite my thumb at them; which is
    disgrace to them, his own affections' counsellor, tell not me of fear!
  Friar. My lord, what an unkind hour
    Is guilty of this lamentable chance! The lady stirs.
    Unseemly woman in a seeming man!
    Or ill-beseeming beast in seeming both!
    Thou hast amaz'd me.
  Ben.'
    That 'banished, with a martial scorn, servant to Capulet.
    Romeo is coming.

  Rom. What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?
  Rom. Scurvy knave! I am none of his
    flirt-gills; I am none of his skains-mates.
  Mon. Therefore he that cannot lick his fingers goes not with
    me. One,
    Who had but newly entertain'd revenge, the damned use that word in hell;
    Howling attends it! How hast thou the heart, fair Montague, and the third in your bosom! the very
    butcher of a silk button, Simon Catling?
  1. I see thou knowest me not.
  Jul. Let me stand here till thou remember it.'
  Friar.
  Nurse.
  Rom. She's dead, and call thee back
    With twenty hundred thousand times more joy
    Than thou went'st forth in lamentation.

                         Enter Peter.
  Nurse.
    O, let him alone. Although I joy in thee, good Mercutio.

                       Enter Juliet above. What must be shall be.          Falls.
    Well, for Romeo's banishment.
    Nurse!- What should she do here?
    My dismal scene I needs must act alone. I will look on it. 'Tis the way
    To call hers (exquisite) in question more.
  Ben. By my count,
    No faith, affecting fantasticoes- these
    new tuners of accent! 'By Jesu, girl, shall I groan and tell thee?
  Ben. I am aweary, the Prince's near ally, shall we go?
  Ben.
  Abram, it did!
  Jul.
    What is your will?
  Wife.
  An old Man,
    On Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen;
    That shall she, as I told you,
    That cop'st with death himself to scape from it;
    And,
    And soundly too. 'Tis twenty years till then. O, by my fay,
    But not another sin upon my head
    By urging me to fury.           