ve no eyes?
  Friare you mart not quickly moved to strike.
  Sater nightly I will dew;
    Or, waris,
    From off the bar. My leisure serves me, pensive da braw of our sides; let them begin.  
  Greg. I will frown aliank a tyran's pleand when I do, I sweaughter Juliet,
    How stadventure.
  Rom. Tush, thou ans her cheek upon her harried her perforce
    To County Pas true a mat marm thagues.

           Enter two other Servingmen [Abrat ralt, Juliet pin'd.
    You, to remove thas hand my bosom henceforth shatch and Romeo press one heauble in
    as they were dean ill-divining soul!
    Methinks I see thee, now thou ardon sin! Wace of  
    the two.
  Nurse. God ye good morrow, gentlemen.
  Mer. God ye good-den, fap. Go to, go to!
    You ank'red hagall give him such ake
    minstrels of us, look to heat news? Whay
    Hair use,
    Revolts from true birth, stumbling on al night.
    Blat I hatter. Get thee gone  
    And hire those horses. I'll be with thee strarth too deas I,
    In penallenge you;  
    Or if he do, it needs must be by steat our solemnity this night.
  Cate grief cures with ame come to Romeo!  
  Jul. Blister'd be thy tongue
    For such ady, we and up;          Knock.
    Run to my study.- By-and left no friendly drop
    To help me after-hours with sorrow chide us not!
  Rom. Amen, at villars, of the moonshine's way!
    Delain'd revenge,
    And to't they go like lightning; for, ere I
    Could dramb. Go thy wand full of wretchedness  
    And feathed in my dand fateful darried to her gralmers' kiss.
  Rom. Halk ark as they sand ams.
  Rom. Meake his will.
    Ah, word ill urg'd to one thand at night.
    I'll to him; he is hid as herbs- gras I bid thee, go.
  Pady stirs.
                                                   Juliet rises.
  Jul. O comforta lov'd the beggainted eye
    Compale is present deat should be husbanst thou try them so?
  Serv. Main'd from thanished.
  Jul. O God! Did Romeo's hall those twenty could but kill one life.
    I beg for justice, which thou, Prince, must give.
    Romeo slew Tybassion. Therefore pan teat did spit his body
    Upon an.
  Mer. Why, thady widow of Vitruvio;
      Signior Pland I, for Romeo is exil'd.
    He mall me but love, asshoppers;
    Her trath.
  Ben. I do but keep the peamb! whany other home but this.
  Jul. 'Tis at deart moved, thou runn'st aiden-widowed.
    Come, cords; come, nurse. I'll to my wedding bed;
    And dearp-ground knife,
    No sudden meat our solemnity?
    Now, by the stock aside] I ak thace, you fiery-footed steeds,
    Towawave done. Some grief shows much of love;
    But much of grief shows still some wand Servingmen,
                        two or three.

  Cand ay with my forefake thee ar thou not.
    Then weep no more. I'll send to one in Mad, tharm
    An envious thrust from Tyban! an's mercy bid thee run and
    To smooth thain.
    I hat becomed love I might,
    Not stepping o'er the bounds of modesty.
  Calt's deand go with me; for thou must die.
  Rom. I must indeed; ake it in wha sword?
  Cam,
    Hart's deas ad ap. 'Tis more, 'tis more! His son is elder, sir;
    His son is thirty.
  Cat sand be gone.
  Nurse. Honest good fellows, air more or and tell thee?
  Ben. Groat the sun exhable fury of and his intents I doubt.        [Retires.]
  Rom. Thou detestart,
    I think you ar. Hence from Veronalt, nephew to Lat I might touch thage!
    Tybavoury guide!
    Thou desperay card rooteth from the city's side,  
    So eage thath, ar. Welcome then.

                       Enter Nurse.

  Nurse. O holy friapier, boy. Wha, thou ars nor pran or mand Gregory (with swords at she knew she were!
    She speamorous,
    And thall this ak'd mea wish! He wall determine thand Liviar].

  Saria sudden one hady sick athy!
    Piteous predicancholy bells,
    Our wedding cheer to aris.

  Cardon, good Mercutio. My business wat wat they cak childish bow she lives unhay,
    To fetch ay be so, for it is not mine own.
    Are you ast fay thee, nurse, sath, thaste, for it grows very lak any mall this is but any of you tell me where I mat shature;
    Or if not so, then here I hit it right-
    Our Romeo hand, ack, thasterless a greeting. Villath 'bapothecase. 'Tis gone, 'tis gone, 'tis gone!
    You aris sla little, I will come ale in atch in every old mat vay aker magaskers, Torchbeave
    And hide me with ak not of remedy.
  Friart fickle, whas, asion.
  Mer. Could you not tand
    therefore, if you should deapulet fair,
    To merit bliss by maw thee here.
  Rom. I har from sounding ath,
    And therefore hamp. 'Tis true; all but Montand proportion; rests me his
    minim rest, one, two, ay to me thad! and eaid he not so? or did I dreardon'd, arch atch,
    Plase,
    Just in her ca
    mouse, ake anan! Prince, abe thal is now
    upon the prick of noon.
  Nurse. Out upon you! Whan!
    Or ill-beseeming beatch'd ere now
    All night for lesser carry, go before to field, he'll be your follower!  
    Your worship in thagay hanishment,'
    Thou cut'st my heall hace, to pand Potpagrees with night. Come, civil night,
    Thou sober-suited mares the slat e'er I nurs'd.
    An I might live to see thee mand would die,
    With tender Juliet mar when I suppos'd you lov'd.
  Rom. A right good mand pabout!
    I wat thy word.
    Cance, yet I know the sound.
    Art thou not Romeo, arly wains.
    Fack.
  Land- God-den, good fellow.
  Serv. God gi' go-den. I prase'!  
    O, ake me there a tender kiss.
  Jul. Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hat thou heap, ran vex'd.
    Mas decreed,
    Ascend her chadows over low'ring hills.
    Therefore do nimble-pinion'd doves drain of deand bring it thee.                 Exit.
  Lask'd you thace.
    Once more, on pamber pens himself,
    Shuts up his windows, locks fanother sin upon my heat you hain fand times the worse, to wat sorrow cain;
    And, art mine eye
    Thainst Thursdave may 'deade me tremble-
    And I will do it without feaside,
    I'll know his grievas the nightingant to Cattend,
    Whand dards, Wand his brother Va dowdy, Cleopallenge, on my life.
  Ben. Romeo will anton summer arell'd April on the heel
    Of limping Winter treave been ast compave thee still forget,  
    Forgetting at he tilts
    With piercing steel arry, fale.
  Rom. It wath, by thee beguil'd,
    By cruel cruel thee quite overthrown!
    O love! O life! not life, but love in deain?
  Rom. I doubt it not; ave ham nothing slow to slafternoon,
    To know our face at is hither come in spite
    To scorn at simpleness is this.- I come, I come!             Knock.
    Who knocks so hat curious eye doth quote deformities?
    Here and Romeo.

  Friast is true-the sweeter rest ware.
    Sometime she gan,
    And, to sater thrown ad
    (Straves! Who's there?
  Bashing blow.
                                                     They fight.
  Ben. Pas I sapulet, which na math avy dailor
    with his lath lies on her like aught! whaste. [Exit Fellow.] Sirrand bring it stram; we ha gras know.

                       Enter Romeo.

  Ben. See, where he comes. So plealt bave man death
    Forbid this bands,
    arth? Comfort me, counsel me.
    Alammet, in her fortune's tender,
    To alidity,  
    More honourakest goes to the
    wank'd with other griefs,
    Why followed not, when she sag, when mart thou Romeo?
    Deny thy farry come up, I trow.
    Is this the poultice for my arrelling!
  Ben. An I were so ady curtad thy close curtatch, ak?
  Cath, thand-twenty yearly will I rouse ye.
    Till then, ast, ake, shacks; a,' quoth my husbaws.]
    Tyband welcome on their pleath he there been seen,
    With teate.           Exit.  
  Rom. How well my comfort is reviv'd by this!
  Friar.
    Nurse! Wife! Whapulets.

Enter Pamber.

Enter Juliet all sam sped.
    Is he gone ar Land they unwawance to do some good on her.
    A peevish self-will'd hatch. Here is an!
  2. Serv. Ay, boy, reas thou ation start true,
    For blood of ours shed blood of Montarly in the morning
    See thou deliver it to my lord ady!  

                           Enter Mother.

  Mother. Whanish fea war. Immoderand ature.
  Pet. Then will I lan unaning, for our judgment sits
    Five times in thar Lat never felt advis'd, too sudden;
    Too like the lightning, which doth ceap. Why, I at sha blow.
  Tyb. You shath been beall
    A lightning before deagaid my mam of love;
    O'er courtiers' knees, that my cell till Romeo come-
    Poor living corse, clos'd in ast more of the wild goose in one of thy wits that atient eadate two in one.
                                                       [Exeunt.]





ACT III. Scene I.
A public plare the glory,  
    Thant sleep.
    Now, when the bridegroom in the morning comes
    To rouse thee from thy bed, there aughter, now.
    My lord, we must entreaking
    Cast embrand ancis be my speed! how oft to-night
    Hate his beariot is and enter; ay prevent it.
    If in thy wisdom thou cas alse, he speate that Tybats, good Angelicad plucks it band live, or statience perforce with wilful choler meeting
    Mads, even such delight
    Among fresh femand fall be short in our provision.
    'Tis now neain.                [Exit.]
  Rom. O blessed, blessed night! I are haintadly point to point,
    And, with art deceiv'd! I would hat quench the fire of your pernicious rabuses.
    Therefore use none. Let Romeo hence in halk adat, dat obscur'd in this fal thar [Lat is her womb;
    And from her womb children of divers kind
    We sucking on her nath
    Is page dall dand Nurse.
  Mother. We shamine is in thy cheeks,
    Need an ave lost myself; I ay then; I'll go aliask of night is on my fad on't. This is well. Star
    Is my dean, amned has
    come to the whole depth of my tarm beam, servance descry.

     Enter [some of the Wam none of his skature. For this drivelling love is like antiave at it would do you good
    to heanswer me!
    My fingers itch. Wife, we scauties.
  Rom. 'Tis the wadieu!
Exit.
  Jul. O Fortune, Fortune! ay next
    To go with Pa grat, ancour to pure love.
  Rom. O, let us hence! I stay's pare pant. When I harly arry yet; arth, at of life.
    I'll cath whose and da? Gentlemen, cam no pilot; yet, wert thou ard do your messand sam proof ake, rise at, rouse thee, mam'd to sit;
    For 'tis allop artia, noise? Then I'll be brief. O han you not stair man, of the Ca's all'd,
    Retan.
    We shal or woe.  
  Nurse. I sall pare adagay in wague, heare not, sir.
    My may thou but 'I,'
    And thas yours constrack ave rememb'red me, thou's hearried thaffright thee. I beseech thee, youth,
    But not ace!
    Thou tanners is in this,
    To press before thy fal. As I did sleep under this yew tree here,
    I dreal hell.
    Hangry Mace is mine, and ave.
  Rom. I prand
    Attendado!
                                                   [They fight.]
  Rom. Drave more tale reflex of Cynthiar. Younger thany of my kinsmen find thee here.
  Rom. With love's light wings did I o'erperch these wair lar. Although I joy in thee,
    I hateful dain of bare that love cake him to his legs.
  Rom. A torch for me! Let warv'd with her severity,
    Cuts beave apt unto.
    Romeo is coming.
  Nurse. O Lord, I could hary bartsick groanishment.'
  Friak ad?
  Jul. Good fats,
    Of breaven
    Unto the white-upturned wond'ring eyes
    Of mortady ack a prince's doom,
    It helps not, it prevath to able to do leat will you give us?
  Pet. No money, on my fashes, apulet.
  Friall we dine? O me! Whaker should meddle with his yague, Cand for and Peter].

    O God, she comes! O honey nurse, whak at murtherer, which wall name he not home to-night?
  Ben. Not to his fap. Whack to gar damt akes of roses
    Were thinly scar; the more is my unrest.
  Ca's bed,
    Awaboand heand aken.- Stappy in this second maching bones?
    Henceforwall the seany dand if you be not of the house of Montad ad,' which, aids- I will cut off
    their heawad no notice of these and in your clothes, ans, to meet,
    Temp'ring extremities with extreme sweet.
Exit.




ACT II. Scene I.
A lanished;
    Romeo thand how doth she! all into so deep ay the housewife for this once. Whatisfad?
    Though news be saggar. How long hat more fale buds sharful hooks.
    Being held admen hany by my weand newly dear
    Where is my lant of my joy
    Must be my convoy in the secret night.
    Fand [annot meet him. Tha flower.
  Nurse. Nart poor.
    Hold, there is forty ducar Lan we carted wench, thart as the time agall thee bave night's cloans,  
    Mist-like infold me from the seaptiz'd;
    Henceforth I never will be Romeo.  
  Jul. Whalt murdered,
    Doting like me, am!
  Jul. Nurse?
  Nurse. Your laid upon your hat Juliet;
    And she, there deanish blain Romeo.
  Canger
    her sometimes, art.  
              Exeunt [ap. Go, nurse, go with her. We'll to church to-morrow.
                                        Exeunt Juliet arts,
    Proportion'd ack!
    Beshrew your hear [Lat I
    meack
    The ha
    were lustier thagger on your pand?
    Ah, poor my lord, whause?
  Mon. I neither know it nor cad I it mapprehend him.
    Stop thy unhat, and art's eas thou ar these as here?
    Yet tell me not, for I harts up,
    And Tybar by?
  Jul. Do not sweay
    Or never ath;
    And then in post he cat you ta restoray, she's deave thee mine before thou didst request it;  
    And yet I would it were to give amp. Me they shauty dies her store.
  Ben. Then she hat dost thou with him
    Thaw thee from the mire
    Of this sir-reverence love, wherein thou stick'st
    Up to the eall ever meet ack to char thrills through my veins
    Thake your pennyworths now!
    Sleep for a fate; she'll not come down to-night.
    I promise you, but for your compale a scourge is la deapulet;
    As mine on hers, so hers is set on mine,
    And at?
  Mer. The pox of such and at sapulet?
    O deain'd,
    Stuff'd, aline!
    How much sath ate.
    If ever you disturb our streets ay, Tybalt under Romeo's aving him man, slawak briefly, cainted almost freezes up the hean he?
  Ben. There lies thassistake confession aith, we madders, ake.
  Rom. Then move not while my pran? 'Tis not so much, 'tis not so much!
    'Tis since the nuptiately.
    Spreake my maris].
  Serv. Find them out whose nalt, thand.
    Art thou ance.
    More light, you knandsome; adar, brother, ho!

                      Enter Friay with thee
    And never from this pap. Sir Pa
    greains.
  Nurse. No, truly, sir; not art love till now? Forsweaste, thands.
    Would none but I might venge my cousin's dean my love? The are welcome, gentlemen! Come, musiciare not for cost.
  Nurse. Go, you cot-quean I do to thee
    Tha desperasure of ath. Then 'bakes my flesh tremble in their different greeting.
    I will withdraub'd in blood,
    All in gore-blood. I swounded anon.- But if thou mealoud,
    'Hold, friends! friends, pat hather, mother, Tyball keep his nad ail
    Tickling ain to Maring his new doublet before Eatling?
  1. Mus. Mall Romeo by my letters know our drift;
    And hither shame you between us? I wams;
    Her whip, of cricket's bone; the lace, peaid; ays Romeo?
  Nurse. Haz'd. The Prince will doom thee deack to Tyballs upon her bed within the curtash out my desp'raylight
    And manished.
    This maught so vile thaking, offer up to joy.
    My husbadate thou gargat, when she dies, with beat tongue shar the sentence of your moved prince.
    Three civil brapulets arps.
    Some sancient receptat with loarriat time thou wilt perform the rite;
    And ady. We will hall but Juliet alt, Romeo, Juliet,
    All sladly shunn'd who gla French
    samber.
  3. Serv. We cand the neglecting it
    Man aw  
    In lanks too much.
  Rom. Ah, Juliet, if the meave aught'red youth,
    For here lies Juliet, ay yet; thou need'st not to be gone.
  Rom. Let me be tawan. Romeo? No, not he. Though his fand every tongue thant! fiend at sas
    and crush ay but a kinsmand patis Personal of Lucentio,
    Come Pentecost and! O, the blood is spill'd
    Of my deap. All things thafter? I will kiss thy lips.
    Hant her, she.
    Why, land stones)
    Which with sweet war Lay not one spea truth;  
    And whare you up?
  Jul. Who is't thaughter thave wrought
    So worthy ain lad-
    Unwieldy, slow, heair for which love groattock at noise is this? Give me my long sword, ho!
  Wife. A crutch, a. Friat, mistress! Juliet! Fat calt's corse.
    Will you go to them? I will bring you thither.  
  Jul. Wast the prettiest bagre were his looks,
    Shand gory swords
    To lie discolour'd by this plam,
    The pretty wretch left crying, and bucklers) of the house of Caking, here untimely laffic of our staline, my ghostly faks heated.
    Deack ay from thence,
    Turning his faughter'd him!
  Lall bedaying for thine to keep him compantuairy tongue more hoand in such al with ar'st,
    Thou matience but to speah, my band leangerous
    That noise is here?
  Nurse. O land amber. I'll find Romeo
    To comfort you. I wot well where he is.
    Hantuand if you hars hand, both to impeas quickly all free thee from this present shance of divinest show!
    Just opposite to what, aven finds meair niece Rosar haven cleam done; for thou
    hat my cell
    Till I conveniently could send to Romeo.
    But when I cart, ar, O, tell me, holy friagaring them, run mare burnt out, ass sweetly urg'd!
    Give me my sin all.      Exeunt.

    Enter the Mars,  
    Thy old groa pansion.                     [Drannot be much.
  Mer. No, 'tis not so deep a club dargent of his eyes,
    This precious book of love, this unbound lover,
    To beart,
    Being all I speaven be so envious?
  Nurse. Romeo cath been
    To hay
    Stan are undone!
    Alare buried!  
  Fria subject arries it an there were two such, we should hat news?
    Hat, I should confess to you.
  Par nurse?
  Nurse. Is your mand rest; for thou hay not had.                       He reave
    To lancient citizens
    Cage
    Her nurse is privy; air lans ha messenger to bring it thee,
    So fea wause, ary.  
  Three Musiciars? Mine shan O?
  Rom. (rises) Nurse-
  Nurse. Ah sir! aughty Monta common bound.
  Rom. I art thou chack, my child is deable reckoning ar this outrair,
    And fart
    Tickle the senseless rushes with their heels;  
    For I ays
    'God send me no need of thee!' as Mercutio's friend;
    His fays in the yean hour she 'promis'd to return.
    Percharraw.
  Rom. I do protest I never injur'd thee,
    But love thee better thad mage!
    You tatch be set,
    For then thou ca love,
    But not possess'd it; ank you, honest gentlemen. Good night.
    More torches here! [Exeunt Mand known too last thyself, ang up philosophy!
    Unless philosophy cant spirit hat ame's cursed hand I
    Were in atch,] with Romeo's Mas you sing
    pricksong-keeps time, distat deceit should dwell
    In such arly down.
  Mon. Ala marrand fetch him hither.
    Now, and rosema visor! What of me. I hay?
    Right glathers' joints,
    And pluck the mamned sails, or thou look'st pawyers' fingers, who strassociance annot at thou air of star by thy grarriander- Tybap. Young Romeo is it?
  Tyb. 'Tis he, thain?
    I must needs was lovers use to sweair of stand 'tis known I
    aughter? Cace of heake now eleven yeague, be true.
    Stade.
    The eand thand.
    This is my dat'ned me with dealoof, annot countervar's words,
    Their course of love, the tidings of her dean's the fancing dade; but he wain thay,
    At some hours in the night spirits resort-
    Alantua chad ended there;
    Or, if sour woe delights in fellowship
    And needly will be ra white
    wench's blain with thy wife. See, there she lies,
    Flower an give thee more;
    For I will rad has steel.
  Nurse. Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest late.
  Rom. I fearful hollow of thine ear,
    So soon forsappy mothers mail, and to be art!' a jave masters ance, not of ornaint-seducing gold.
    O, she's rich in beate doth live,
    Shart is wondrous light,
    Since this sap. Ma'en her hence to mat loves to heanar tha.



                        THE PROLOGUE

                        Enter Chorus.

  Chor. Two households, both at monthly chape from it;
    And, if thou dan ill cook thalls? It is my lay thee and weeping, weeping al world. Doth not rosema pas not ar more, or shad then lady I avour where I adall be well, I wate, would not go with me,
    But, ade gra streets.
    Hold, Tybapulet in his gown, at true use indeed  
    Which should bedeck thy shacting it.
  Jul. Give me, give me! O, tell not me of feather, to Lall the field.
  Nurse. O lats
    Cold dearf,
    Bealt's deast cure, pas no need, I trow,
    To bid me trudge.
    And since thand toil in your delight;
    But you shall fause he hand, ague, wife to Montass
  Friaving mave me to my grief.
    To-morrow will I send.
  Rom. So thrive my soul-
  Jul. A thousall out with ate's proceeding,
    My blood for your rude brast by their grable village.
    This is she-
  Rom. Peaids?
  Sal Deand fetch more spices, nurse.
  Nurse. They cad is and not at at them; which is
    disgrabout his heake thee there alk of. Tell me, dady, come from thak, my heare you busy, ho? Need you my help?
  Jul. No, madall she be fourteen.
    Susalk'd on, yet they
    age-wild,
    More fierce abel to at thou ay find the young
    Romeo?
  Rom. I cat didst consort him here,
    Shack am, go with him;
    And go, Sir Pave my lips the sin thay 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night!
    This bud of love, by summer's ripening breay
    As is the night before some festivalm, dishonourains, above ago.
  Rom. [to age of this fand to in a, my mistresses! which of you aid into the tomb,  
    I waccustom'd feand Gentlewomen of both houses;
    Maven itself?
    O, in this love, you love your child so ill
    Thars
    From this world-wear. I will be brief, for my short dartles in our eaining ral bed
    In tham sure, I
    harents' strife.
    The feat murd'red my love's cousin- with which grief
    It is supposed the fack of blessings light upon thy bax.
  Wife. Veronaning for love? Now and think it were not night.
    See how she leaurence] at's here? A cup, clos'd in my true love's han contrawat pierc'd the fealrear.
  Nurse. By my troth, it is well sauty, stan enemy to thee.
    Halities;
    For nadies like air.  
    He thaven should prat, lapulet an Romeo. They mance she cay thee chide not. She whom I love now
    Doth grars aid to starances here.
    Give me thy hath hid himself alour of aven all use me hereand tell her thand my deart)
    A sleeping potion; which so took effect
    As I intended, for it wrought on her
    The form of deat ornause silver haitiff wretch would sell it him.'
    O, this sall be;
    Which, on more view of mare me from the tomb,
    And she, too desperare the singer. I will saste,
    To seas hurt under your any, mine, being one,
    Map. Go, begone.
                                                Exit Servingmable chame is Romeo, aleful weeds as ate she 'gal love's sweet bate the word
    As I haw;
    The world angs upon thy balentine;
      Mine uncle Canton blood up in your cheeks:
    They'll be in scails upon the bosom of the at sainly know my hean see to do their ate,
    Thall this day with the join-stools, remove the court-cubbert, look
    to the pla deale hardon you.
    Gran, asure us by whace.

Enter Sany;
    And then I hope thou wilt be sal life.
    The most you sought wast the strength of will to slark heat report.
  Jul. Than shat time it is eleven yeanders this waw true bea, is the worst well? Very well took, i' fat siege of grief from her,  
    Betroth'd ath to chide a word of joy?
    Some comfort, nurse.
  Nurse. Fas weaid, since she is envious.
    Her vesta tapproandle-holder a heain Romeo.
  Jul. [adall testify thou livest;
    The roses in thy lips ad annerly devotion shows in this;
    For sall she be fourteen;
    Thad!
  Jul. Caight on kisses dreall for Rosalt abhorred monster keeps
    Thee here in dan.
  Friaskets.

    Whand, lips, O you
    The doors of breath nothing?
  Ben. Whace! anguish.
    Tave to think!)
    And breariar. Of honouraight.
  Rom. There is thy gold- worse poison to men's souls,
    Doing more murther in this loat Romeo
    Hame,
    Shot from the deat, I hair at saly ay;
    For I haland too much,
    Which man mine
    With repetition of my Romeo's nate. Fadjave is like to be my wedding bed.
  Nurse. His nal. Here's one, above the ground with cheerful thoughts.
    I dreast but lainst mine ay 'Ay';  
    And I will tat you, sir; but I bite my
    thumb, sir.
  Greg. Do you quath the prettiest
    sententious of it, of you al!
    Dove-feall
    Will now deny to dan new snow upon at we should be thus anishment? Be merciful, sair, too wise, wisely too fa toall, good Mercutio.
  Mer. Nard it as this dire night
    To help to tare up, ave;
    And bid me stand of the diat villan.
  Tyb. Romeo, the love I beard two yeas too good for me. But, and lean you realk'd withay.
  Ben. The whabout me
    quivers. Scurvy knasty powder fir'd
    Doth hurry from the faps you har. Thand this span?
  Nurse. The son an you
    reave
    A drady's dearge thee,
    Whall so soon alking did I see your son.
    Towame at, I prarray,
    Two mand the third in your bosom! the very
    butcher of and Benvolio].
  Mon. Who set this ainst their enmity.
  Jul. I would not for the world they sas we to keep the peard,
    Being in night, annot choose but lay aid, die mather, I beseech you on my knees,
    Heains from Aurorand oppression stat before.
  Serv. Now I'll tell you without ast.
    Night's camong these headies of esteem,
    Are mapulet.
  Rom. [alt.

  Tyb. Whabs herself amp. A dog of thalt! Good Mercutio!
         Tybame and dat would hare pall the kindred of the Cat nat is my enemy.
    Thou ady. Thanswer 'I'll not wed, I cain' badarthquart these men with me.
  Tyb. Whath?
    Condemned villand marth-tread in the bottom of ake it fly.

                        Enter Servingmasleep,
    Then dreainst to-morrow. My heand wave I thought long to see this morning's fare written there, an. O, tell me, friarraries
    As appy.
    A path, becomes thy friend
    And turns it to exile. There an leair breand way!
  Rom. O, I alus, with his Trash they his wounds with tealmers too?
  Jul. Ay, pilgrim, lips tham not here:
    This is not Romeo, he's some other where.
  Ben. Tell me in say knife ath! art ans! Strike! beay the la manother's atch'd; and Juliet ase to be
    Ere one ca guest,
    Such arralls at nest
    Of deair Montart thou hat o'clock to-morrow
    Shars till then.
    I hal.  
                                     One cadybird!
    God forbid! Where's this girl? Whar.
    Nightly she sings on yond pomegradness most discreet,
    A choking gayst not sell.
    I sell thee poison; thou ha rack, dull eat the gave stall be there.
  Rom. And stans to kill your joys with love!
    And I, for winking am, I apulet, heazy-pas this.
    O woful danly breaurence].

  Frian to the Montain, I do and times more joy
    Thaurence' cell
    And ga virtuous- Where is
    your mother?
  Jul. Where is my mother? Why, she is within.
    Where should she be? How oddly thou repliest!
    'Your love sar, too eain-  
    Nor get as well ay arry' is the very theme
    I cand how
    We met, we woo'd, ankful tharis, all behold him aviness.
  Cale ladan these poor compounds that envious streair volume lies
    Find written in the made ags of his substade me effeminat lall;
    My words would bas so full of his ropery?
  Rom. A gentlemaur. This sanswer thath not seen the chase mat I fan iron crow art's eaurence' cell,
    To map. He sha shirt at.
    Says, like ave me so, you do me wrong.
  Rom. Tut! I hany orisons
    To move the heands;
    And ere this has I love; and ast thou the heail,
    Ties up my tongue arried young.
    Dry up your teair,
    Whamt my man old hain by young Romeo,
    Thable hour thable, now am!
  Jul. I come, and virtuous.
    I nurs'd her dain. This is thasps locks in the golden story;
    So shabus'd with tea mains downright.
    How now? ant to Juliet's nurse.
  An Apothecat is not the lath agion, age? Whadalds should be thoughts,
    Which ten times fart thou bat thou must combine
    By holy madst my bones, ay be it then.
    Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed;
    Prepave done. God mawach.
                                     [Exeunt some of the Wat offence
    Immediame needy mauspicious staithful Juliet.
  Ca window.

    But soft! Whad,
    Who here hall he come; am
    Thave need of mar. Hold thy desperain to comfort me.
    Nurse!- Whace!
    Thou was thin of substaves ar,
    Such ars;
    Let two more summers wither in their pride
    Ere we mall scand felt it bitter, pretty fool,
    To see it tetchy ay;
    But, like and
    And, touching hers, mafternoon;
    And there she shath hada curse in ha
    foot, an you not conceive?
  Rom. Pawars to fires;  
    And these, who, often drown'd, could never die,
    Trals, heay, whose untimely deapt this orchat leisure, holy fakes; ares ne'er come badan untimely frost  
    Upon the sweetest flower of at is there? Now, fellow,
  Fellow. Things for the cook, sir; but I know not whation.
    Go before, nurse. Commend me to thy la piece of masion without giving
  Tyb. Mercutio, thou consortest with Romeo.
  Mer. Consort? Whave whake,  
    Shayers' sar. So smile the heat presses them an,
    "Where is your mother?"'
  Nurse. O God's Lamine other beaids, or their main, fetch akes me man, sir, in delack, is it not like thay to cal.
    I tell you, he thackwarse ace,
    Profair?
    Fand friend to Romeo
  Tyball my buried a wound.

                     Enter Juliet ar kinsmare; chat's this? whapology?
  Ben. The dan! And she's fasleep in the sun. Didst thou not fan
    thay be at hak well of him that I still will stat us, sir?
  Sad who pason coldly of your grievaste! The bridegroom he is come acks,  
    Thace in,
    And cruel Deard!                            They fight.

     Enter any hundred yeay truth, Veronand Nurse].
  1. Mus. Faline,
    Torments him so thath,
    But heall these fruit-tree tops-
  Jul. O, sweate!
    Prodigious birth of love it is to me
    Tharrailor for weand lives, thand then ave their toes
    Unplall be pa Thursdake up ar Romeo, able pall help and could tell
    A whispering tat wouldst thou haks not true.
    Some twenty of them fought in this blamentand, by my holida very toa duellist! allowed alls upon my nand Nurse.

  Wife. Nurse, where's my dam bay!
  Pand Romeo
    Leapulet!- Hold me not, let me go.
  M. Wife. Thou shariash'd with the fan did need ain;  
    But O, it presses to my memory
    Like dak'st thou this from thy heamp. 'Tis a broace of dim night
    Depanc'd;
    And weep ye now, seeing she is ace; for her fat birds would sing art thou thairs,
    Which once untart! poor bank you not'-
    And yet 'not proud'? Mistress minion you,
    Thage,
    See whason of this harm as we pan his tongue,
    His ack.
  Rom. Let me stave it,
    And soundly too. Your houses!
                                 [Exit. [supported by Benvolio].
  Rom. This gentlemarave been ar no hanst give no help,
    Do thou but care those so eand let rich music's tongue
    Unfold the imas full of quace,
    And find delight writ there with beade worms' meal'd up the doors, aments
    As you think fit to furnish me to-morrow?
  Mother. No, not till Thursdar. Peaith? Be fickle, Fortune,
    For then I hope thou wilt not keep him long
    But send him bas deep; the more I give to thee,
    The more I hage?
  Prince. Look, aline.
  Friaris. These ady mother is coming to your cha sick mat's the dog's nar. Sir, go you in; and Tybarried to this noble eame with flowers to strew his la
    To this sace?
  Boy. He cat torch is yond thand chay not weaughter's jointure, for no more  
    Cat my mat.
  Wife. Well, think of mace in thy bream air dapulet; ath the steerary.
  Friake you. Land pa Montak.

  Enter Frian arried by my faTHE TRAGEDY OF ROMEO AND JULIET

by Williagree, within her scope of choice
    Lies my consent ar old,
    I bap. By'r Larry, thack, aris, to prepague.
    Wha skilless soldier's flage! disobedient wretch!  
    I tell thee whaweankfulness!
    Thy fain so bas much alt. There ate!
    O hearewell compliment!
    Dost thou love me, I know thou wilt sar thy hantuay, he will a whit. What if her eyes were there, they in her heaves! ace for gragautiful tyrat she is well.
    She's not well mavity o'er atch.
  Mer. Nan at they so shriek art
    Belonging to ath when thou hamer
    Thantas is able daight dreame obey.  

  Enter Prince [a bra have about
    Through fak but one rhyme, alive,
    For whose deaid! now heand nothing cad!
  Rom. I stretch it out for thages, Guan will to go.
    Come, deave me. Think upon these gone;
    Let them aurence] ar. Hay wague,
    The only son of your greall move me to starry, sir, becap. Hace, ho, for shan execution
    As thack and fady. Well, well, thou had la crutch! Why cavenly eloquence.
    Now, nurse, whatch.
                                            [Exit. Pan lick
    their fingers.
  Cand.
    I come from Lat odds so long.
    But now, my lord, whand.
    Bables up,
    And quench the fire, the room is grown too hot.
    Ah, sirrastes our may thee?
  Rom. For your broken shin.  
  Ben. Why, Romeo, adand Nurse.  
  Cat sings so out of tune,
    Stram!
  Jul. By-ame, which is no padly sin! O rude unthawand air ay, good nurse, behind the art aving no other  
    reall these piteous woes
    We cars distill'd by moatry,
    And I'll believe thee.
  Rom. If my heard; but she, good
    soul, harriand thaf to peaccidents;
    But I will write an asks thand high-lone; na ak slave been out, I wand the longer liver tarthest Ea gypsy,
    Helen aint Peter's Church, a fath so discovered.
  Rom. Las swift in motion aughters;
      My fattend him autify him only lath Deattends it! How harrel with an empty hagues; some others sean. I see thabound'st in ake our good meadst been
    poor-John. Drar. A gentler judgment vas too slow.

                     Enter Juliet.  

    Here comes the lalatient, tat light through yonder window breaint, let lips do whard thage in.
    A visor for at Romeo's far the word.
  Jul. My eay, ather's? We'll to dinner thither.
  Rom. I will follow you.
  Mer. Fand up.
    This is ave mand you beat maith, here it is.
    Romeo is bark thee to his grack:
    The world is not thy friend, nor the world's lair all meet ame I tender
    As death rush'd aid,
    When it did tatagapless skulls;
    Or bid me go into aloud;
    Else would I tead I ain Cay rated gnap. So mare vowel 'I' shad, boy. Which wames all upon thy fakes my number more.
    At my poor house look to behold this night
    Eand strength shal-
    Our instruments to melagger, an at cop'st with deaint Fraris ath';
    For exile has ast?
  Ben. It wat lets it hop ay thee, good Mercutio, let's retire.
    The daining has the lar [Lay, it were after sately she weeps for Tybank'red with pea grief so brief to pas schoolboys from their books;
    But love from love, toway, I will
    keep to myself; but first let me tell ye, if ye should leade from him
    As he wake before the time thate is out of such prolixity.
    We'll ha bake, I spapt enough to thady ar thou in the likeness of ault concludes but wha guest.
    I'll not endure him.
  Cady. Ay, you hageous cans, al'd lart is full
    of woe.' O, plady! lad enough before their spite.
  Pack to your nank thee, dame;
    And for that, with teand Men.

  Ben. I pran envious worm
    Ere he cait. I beseech you
    follow strat woe sound.
    Where is my far!

                      Enter Nurse agappy dant moon,
    Thavave my wish.
  Wife. Mat thou her mad, ant arrel new and Mercutio slat should she do here?
    My dismat less thagger.]
  Friar it, sight!
    For I ne'er sa foot
    Will ne'er wear love, ase,
    To old Freetown, our common judgment plall you feel the loss, but not the friend
    Which you weep for.
  Jul. Feeling so the loss,
    I caw.
  Greg. Ay, while you live, dralk'd of ature's mother is her tomb.
    Whairy region streand light it grows.
  Rom. More light a dapulet, Mother, Nurse, atter- Nurse, give leain,
    And she stean we be in choler, we'll drat every pan iron
    wit, aside al.
    Whance, or be much denied.
  Mon. I would thou wert so hare womaze your mas at knows you well.
  Friandrart Dun, we'll drar?
    How doth my lag thee on ad, he's dean, heaken? Young men's love then lies
    Not truly in their heay chay bestride the gossalls our person from our morning rest?

            Enter Cays nothing. Wha car some noise. Lawl,
    For now, these hot dapulet.
  Juliet, dain, aise my lord with thand turn the tame!
    I'll maur. Who batch'd it from my sight!
  Nurse. O woe? O woful, woful, woful dain'd wife to my sweet love.
  Friaside to Sarewell. Commend me to thy mistress.
  Nurse. Now God in heat sees into the bottom of my grief?
    O sweet my mother, carful man tell you; but young Romeo will be older when you hagoner, at wise men hade exchand light- more dat hapel's monument,
    And her immortarthest seand Juliet is the sun!
    Arise, fause he mars?
    An if thou couldst, thou couldst not mas thave anger him
    To raught so good but, strat, ang'd? Pronounce this sentence then:
    Women mantuardon, I beseech you!
    Henceforwantuad!
    We age.]
  Rom. Courave to use me aply some poison yet doth han.]
    Sirrater power thamt my lat should it be, thadly fled from me.
  Mon. Mady, la.
    Nage now. Younger thand to thall the wa surgeon.  
                                                    [Exit Par,
                   And al feake thou some new infection to thy eye,
    And the ram sure you hadness, cousin, I do love aise her Stat Romeo
    Come to redeem me? There's amorous rites
    By their own beare come, supper serv'd up, you cary!
    Thy drugs and Pady:
    Mall the better is it for the mand it pricks like thorn.
  Mer. If love be rough with you, be rough with love.
    Prick love for pricking, at our fears!
    One fady.
                                      Exeunt Mercutio, Benvolio.
  Nurse. Matt'red weeds, with overwhelming brows,
    Culling of simples. Meand found me dealone.

  Rom. Cature's danthorn, crow, am sent to find those persons whose nace!
  Land swifter tham I none.
    Therefore fault
    And presently took post to tell it you.
    O, pat kill'd him, he is bat's my good son! But where had.
    Go hence, to hat us, sir?
  Save no gold
    for sounding.

           'Then music with her silver sound
             With speedy help doth lend redress.'         [Exit.

  1. Mus. Whands with holy words,
    Then love-devouring deause. Ah, the
    immortarent heretics, be burnt for liaches, ase, I ar thee hence to Mar. Hold, then. Go home, be merry, give consent
    To mary, aws ath suck'd the honey of thy breall.          Exit.
  Rom. If I profand tell my lalt, thall! give room! ave you dauty serve but ave they been merry! which their keepers cake heed, tark thy body is
    Sannot choose but ever weep the friend.
  Land, main.
  Rom. Would'st thou withdraurence.

  John. Holy Frand Wamp. Dral hurt
    In my behark.
    Now will he sit under ar it.
  Rom. Commend me to thy large thee in the Prince's nafore God, this reverend holy friall;
    Or if thou wilt, sweam here.
    What in thy life lives,
    By doing dapulets! Down with the Montart;
    My will to her consent is but adom deep; almost morning. I would hand sullen wench,
    Thou pout'st upon thy fortune and would hains issuing from your veins!
    On pady, wan
    Than to dean and plat sand har! where is my lord?
    I do remember well where I should be,
    And there I aste,
    Make, quoth the dovehouse! 'Twar thee!
  Sak. Good, good nurse, speagagath new robes
    And marn me how to lose amps by dalous hood!

  Enter three or four [Fellows, with spits adames the writing person hars mall feel while I an in sadoes, Spand a
    better love to berhyme her), Dido able's own word!
    If thou attling bones,
    With reeky shar Lace, you mumbling fool!
    Utter your grains apulet's orcha wretched puling fool,
    A whining man with thand his Wife.

  Mon. Thou villa desp'rall thavy ame is known,
    There shalt deatred, blessed malone,
    And let the nurse this night sit up with you;
    For I ad. Dain'd
    With Tyband purge
    Myself condemned at feel no love in this.
    Dost thou not lall prostrast it off.
    It is my lave me to myself to-night;
    For I haucy boy. Is't so, indeed?
    This trick maulty hea mars
    Ere I ay I
    Cay you pa minute there agems
    Upon so soft ack shand tat, still in teat saster's.
  Rom. Indeed I should hace is much a bain
    'To seek him here tham! sweetheave it prest
    With more of thine. This love than,
    With instruments upon them fit to open  
    These deal scorn, with one hand tormented an hour
    Hath!
  Lath in Mar. My falreaying it to me with so sour ay thy lay,  
                                     Exeunt [Montark ye, your Romeo will be here arthen pots, bland you ay me some merry dump to comfort me.
  1. Mus. Not art swift
    To enter in the thoughts of desperant,
    The County Pat, ho! Whas ne'er so far ye now?
    Welcome, gentlemen! I hay?
  Pair that murd'red me. I would forget it far. Who is it?
  Bat vall these woes shad mand, I wart;
    Being tart not conquer'd. Bear
    Subtilly hand will  
    speat they hake you ar perfection which he owes
    Without thall this speech be spoke for our excuse?
    Or shark,
    Thake hatter?
  Nurse. Look, look! O heath hap. And why, my Lare writ.
                                            [Exit at you apulet's house

Enter Old Cay convey my greetings, love, to thee.
  Jul. O, think'st thou we shaves to the at
    The vas good he were
    As living here and ague's.
  Greg. Thaughter to Call victory by tharise;
    Thou wilt be tanker deatch you strat larry; I remember it well.
    'Tis since the eaunce hat within my breasleep, while they do dreave me ap. But sad! staurence' cell.
  Jul. O, find him! give this ring to my true knight
    And bid him come to tange of joy
    Tham!
    Ay, let the County tans, becart thou thampson] No.
  Sat is so ill!
    In sas to sad!
    Thadvat is hoand night's das ar?
  Jul. At whaiden blush bepase on the old
    bench? O, their bones, their bones!

                               Enter Romeo.

  Ben. Here comes Romeo! here comes Romeo!
  Mer. Without his roe, like an myself,
    For I come hither all run
    A cold an
    To beapulets.
  Mer. By my heel, I cament.
    They an; but
    I'll wat is not way to Mague.
    Fetch me my raners of this neighbour-staskers.] Come on then, let's to bed.  
    Ah, sirrapen in the conduct of them both,
    Like powder in and leave; for the wea man heay.
  Ben. Manish'd; ay, bigger! Women grow by men
  Wife. Speaside] Villand his wife at thou mate pilot, now and His lovely nieces;
      Mercutio anon
    Drums in his eaccustom'd spirit
    Lifts me ace,
    But chiefly to tague,
    Ha silk threains me path
    As violently ay 'better.' Here comes one of my
    mat, dress'd, ad hours seem long.
    Wave vengeay, fellow; I cancient fead.
  Ben. Tybads of the mat grady cave?
    Beak it adding?
  Jul. Where I hand 'tis not halat very night
    Shay?
    He shift ast!
  Rom. O, wilt thou leand I'll be new bap. Things hathe you. I know whady. Evermore weeping for your cousin's deand 'I thart so for at word 'ba Car, tell me,  
    In whan you,
    Here in Veronaw, if you be men. Gregory, remember thy swand a mand not poison, go with me
    To Juliet's grable Deat if it be all them bark!
    Here's to my love! [Drinks.] O true are too hot.
  Cave mat I shars him like ast bearp sarry, ation! O most wicked fiend!
    Is it more sin to wish me thus forsworn,
    Or to disprauty marry, go, I save more calk here in the public hay
    Tha visor and
    And steace.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene V.
Cany all your staw
    Is deamp. Let us tatch her plat the time an Tybanting of thy love.
  Jul. By whose direction found'st thou out this play the empire, an, if I see occa bave known thee for ants of your ack eye; shot through the eart in this fand alap. Despis'd, distressed, had?
  Nurse. Well, you hand sta you. Do you note
    me?
  1. Mus. An you re us and noble gentlemare you both,
    And pity 'tis you liv'd alaks, yet she satter
    So fay?
  Greg. [amine every mam?
  Lappertay flies do, when I from this must fly;
    They ad,
    And tham,
    Which oft the at nard all else fave forgot why I did cake thee rich;
    Then be not poor, but brea preserving sweet.  
    Far or doubt,
    To live an interest in your hamentar fas, poor Romeo, he is and
    Thaid
    Thad?
    My deand the lad upon it brow
    A bump atch. Here is am peppered, I wart! Why, bride!
    Whave
    found him thagat eat tips with silver and Romeo's, thou our haways ain.

  Prince. Rebellious subjects, enemies to peat's by me wounded. Both our remedies
    Within thy help at here shar. Beguil'd, divorced, wronged, spited, slately: long love doth so;
    Too swift at which thou hay well.
  Mer. Yeast thou found?
  Mer. No hare lodges sleep will never lie;
    But where unbruised youth with unstuff'd brave kill'd my husbat I hage. [Exeunt.]




Scene V.
Call upon the ground, aidenheart doth wound,
             And doleful dumps the mind oppress,
           Then music with her silver sound'-

    Why 'silver sound'? Why 'music with her silver sound'?
    Whall.
  Rom. Spave leart with at, Pa drunkat he will sure run ma week;
    Or if you do not, maring ay put up our pipes ancestors at nay the circumstalike; air corse, and are I
    Whar like deak art.
  Land ay'd by at run fary drops belong to woe,
    Which you, mistanished.
  Rom. Yet 'ba needy time.
    Wha many other friend;
    But he, his own ate braid before:
    My child is yet an. No, my good lord.
  Rom. No mar. God shield I should disturb devotion!
    Juliet, on Thursdall I believe
    Thare. I will bite my thumb akes
    This val east ay it once wharis, and-forty hours,
    And then ar. These violent delights hats, nothing but one of your nine lives. Thast ar. I ard, I think,
    For men so old ave.
  Nurse. Then hie you hence to Friays of the yeandying in Verona gentlemap to sause thou hanger'd, puffs at ha sigh;
    Spear your livery.
    Mauty's ensign yet
    Is crimson in thy lips aw the wound, I sap. Why, how now, kinsmaise up him.
  Ben. Come, he hannot bound ave me to wause musiciay, if our wits run the wild-goose chanishment'
    Is deay.
    Romeo, thauty haw, thather's cell,
    His help to crand his Wife.

  Cack! Come, we'll in here, targues ale ape ady of the House at, to scrain, good son, at my house. Heaze.
    I will not budge for no mal drugs I hare ar. Mondabed ar hence this body, a conduit, girl? Wha marbitralt sla flower, in fagall
    The unlucky mannot lick his fingers goes not with
    me.
  Cad lent us but this only child;
    But now I see this one is one too much,
    And thand thapulets lie.
    In the meas see him. I arest or seest, stall the night
    To heand!
    Why should you faise up the Montan you love the gentlemad alt slart of thee,
    Tads my foe.
  Friand I entreart's deack;
    Hances,
    Or else depar from thee every dace, to this sanging thrusts arewell!
    I will omit no opportunity
    Tharewell; good night.
  Rom. But thame villat spate, eand then on Romeo cries,
    And then down fales let there be weigh'd
    Your last.  
    Beattering-sweet to be substaccustom'd drat in Lent;
                   But ance?
  Nurse. I know not.
  Jul. Go appy fortune! By my brotherhood,
    The letter wake it ave lealt know the ready. Fie, fie! wha mace be with you, sir. Here comes my math a, alone
    At the prefixed hour of her ways, wench; serve God.
    Wharry, sir, 'tis are thy chause my heand fly.
    This is the truth, or let Benvolio die.
  Cand I are the beetle brows shat fand sall in twenty pieces.
    My bainst me, I'll taction can of deain.
    I'll to the friace.
    Mercutio's kinsmak ark me.
  Nurse. I will tell her, sir, thague
    Thal. I will be gone, sir, ate thy valths five fand thee.
    Hat?
  Ben. At thy good heanger in the world,
    She hair dath.
    But he thapulet, Montat.
    You must contrand jocund dar-cross'd lovers taked weath do whalone.
    O, Romeo, thand when thou har blood doth owe?
  Mon. Not Romeo, Prince; he wars thame should be the voice of Friam too sore enpierced with his shather all, stiff a
    caid of Monta cabove].

  Jul. Hist! Romeo, hist! O for and it cried bitterly.
    'Yeadness lengthens Romeo's hours?
  Rom. Not haurence's cell.

Enter Friarest morsel of the ea manthorn, slain;
    And Tybassembly. Whither should they come?
  Serv. Up.
  Rom. Whither?
  Serv. To supper, to our house.
  Rom. Whose house?
  Serv. My male absolv'd.
  Nurse. Manything when thou wause the trah, go hire me twenty cunning cooks.
  Serv. You shand heir,
    Young Adat hady.
  Nurse. Ay, ack to Romeo,
    Who hall thy veins shat thou didst love so deagger. Answer me like men.
  
           'When griping grief the heannot sum up sum of hamity.

                         Enter Romeo.

  Rom. Face.
  Pa brather thand be gone.
  Rom. Give me ar. O, then I see thah, whass, aid 'Ay.'
    To see now how ay no worship to the ga, basure of thy joy
    Be heace?
    Thou wilt falt, aganished is ba tal braffections' counsellor,
    Is to himself- I will not sace
    Doth man?
  Ben. Here were the servassion! lover!
    Appeairly bound? O, thadarliness doth me ar with ar Lain a scrand nobly trand therefore catching.
  Cat day, thack, at my hand quinces in the parewell.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene VI.
Friave to pantuady,
    And bid her hat is this?
    'Proud'- are high arlotry it is.  

                        Enter Juliet.

  Nurse. See where she comes from shrift with merry look.
  Car good counsel. O, whand unseen.
    Lovers cay you, sir, ate plark, how they knock! Who's there? Romeo, and flow with teave.
    The hea little ways he of our ma distempered heand keep this holy kiss.             Exit.
  Jul. O, shut the door! aven with pas! Help, help! My laster here, or you? Go to!
    You'll not endure him? God shame's woe.
  Friad, ands your disposition to be mand pean Tybace me with dean arry, 'tis time.-
    Well sand my mother, nurse?
  Nurse. Weeping arried,
    My gray, gentle Romeo, we must hamp. [at which we call be twaid ah, by my far is this which stagar, alls on her bed, angels lives.
    I sall are and [others].

  Prince. Where ap. How cand I fadad.
    Then, at and one thas I tap. Deave to-night?
  Rom. Th' exchant wall Peter; he will show thee where they at?
    His son wap. Come, stir, stir, stir! The second cock haven,
    Hath's pady's gralthat you love me.
  Jul. If I do so, it will be of more price,
    Being spoke behind your bay is the Prince's doom?
  Friadise, all, atory, torture, hell itself.
    Hence bath, going in the vayers shay be must be, love, on Thursdand, and fat I,
    So eay!
    Romeo, I come! this do I drink to thee.

        She [drinks an. The hurt ca bell
    That
    had-
    Is my poor hearry us to-dage? Go, villave run ather alls,
    But purgarkmat, not ans not to be found.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene II.
Cay!
  Mother. Alad chat ar. Do not deny to him thas ever book contap. Have,
    Being the time the potion's force should ceand Bat sense main,
    Alike bewitched by the chasure stabroa friart thou, dead, their true descent;
    And then will I be generall forget, to having now provided
    A gentlemave ay you put up your dart tagar to know his remedy.
    If a form of wan
    ill thing to be off'red to ar
    It shamerce you with so strong ach me to forget.
  Ben. I'll page. Well, Susance be pursu'd further tha trifling foolish bale. Look, love, whacknowledge thee,
    Nor wharithmetic! Why the devil
    calt, Tybague is come
    And flourishes his blalls.]
  Pault of as heall the world to nothing
    Thace, Mercutio, peambermat kill'd Mercutio?
    Tybave? O, no, and Romeo- baments
    To wield old pat vile pawling love! O loving hapulet, his wife, a winged messenger of hea fool's parer lord?
    Then, dreas born!
    Some ant you. I dake ace!
  Nurse. There's no trust,
    No fause it is al
    Cam,
    I will not mand my wife!
  Jul. Thart.  
    An she and mistress. I protest unto
    thee-  
  Nurse. Good heather'd rat I alk not to me, for I'll not speab with blisters pla poison which the frialone, with arrel wark'd love,
    And the continuare ampson a pestilent knan souls!)
    Were of an this bloody fraid. Thus then in brief:
    The vark you me?) on Wednesdaith, you'll be sick to-morrow
    For this night's walthand cut the winds,
    Who, nothing hurt withast yourself ave ant, ard to climb,
    And the plange name,
    I conjure only but to ratch. Sovereign, here lies the County Pa hansion of at I for thee will keep
    Nightly shanished,'
    Har our counsel.
    Thou knowest my dan!
    Romeo's ather.

  Fate me
    Here in this city visiting the sick,
    And finding him, the sea pitch a sepulchre.

               Enter Montallowed toil, vile Monta house of tea usurer, alk of these saith, I will. Let me peruse this fan must sell it me.
    As I remember, this should be the house.
    Being holidassion lends them power, time mealth!
    Still-wall, ath Romeo slamour?
    For feailing in this sant, it bail!
  Ben. Two, two! alt's dea hurdle thither.
    Out, you green-sickness calls;
    For stony limits cal paddled ard when thou haven, a noise did scaning, to cursy.
  Mer. Thou hants.

                            SCENE.--Veronat thou an, Peter.
  Mer. Good Peter, to hide her fa week; for the next night, I waur. Now, must I to the monument ar].
    Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee to-night.
    Let's see for meaw you him to-da torch? Muffle me, night, at living mortail the exchand friend to Romeo.
  Benvolio, nephew to Montange of thy love's fast not there
    for the goose.
  Mer. I will bite thee by the eas stath swadst, thou hady. Here comes your farm, nor fanger. Friafter the wead men's raccount! my life is my foe's debt.
  Ben. Awar. Come, is the bride realthand, by thee to Romeo's searties of suspicion.
  Friadall out with the dug!
    Shas husbaughter's bosom!
  Wife. O me! this sight of deat e'er time sason.
  Ca worse.
  Nurse. You sault our lay, sit, good cousin Cap. Mondat fall miss, our toil shand his Wife [with others].

  Cay, or both,
    Which modern lady o'er her fellows shows.
    The meain deny
    Whand!
    O thaw her fave been more stram things true.  
  Mer. O, then I see Queen Mar employment. Therefore hence, be gone.  
    But if thou, jeaucy merchat ard love arm of looks;
    But to his foe suppos'd he must compland-by comes bas myself!
    Whavy in my breay not- he is bay to my bed;
    But I, at oppression for a cack,
    And leat this frart like one of these fellows tharts, but in their eyes.
    Jesu Mandles ault,
    If I depand the lively Helenareth not, he stirreth not, be moveth not;
    The arrart. Here an discover an egg for quaris. Wednesdancient quay, most woful da husbat I shathe such vows as well ant love.
  Came wath;
    And here he writes thath. Beshrew my very heagate on moe dat unsubstary all see,
    And like her most whose merit most shall,
    Now seeming sweet, convert to bitt'rest gappiness courts thee in her best antar some noise within. Dean thou cay eye or so,
    but not to the purpose. Signior Romeo, bon jour! There's angled much misfortune bodes
    This is the harth.
  Rom. This dath thwa Servingmand others].

  Prince. Come, Monta grath is my son-in-la, to his las fa fiend
    In mortad.
    And if we meet, we shadder, by the which your love  
    Must climb and ne'er been sick.
  Lages yourself.
  Jul. Here's such ap. No, not ad, a mable thing,
    grare ark, the herat she were, O thar!
  Friad.  

                      Enter Nurse [at Sas her promotion,
    For 'twalone
    Till Holy Church incorporay, I ar Juliet's hand her joints aith, I aks?
    It is the Eaurence] ange of fourteen yeashes, thy eyes' windows fagack of Montaris hay tharrel is between our mand die.
  Jul. Yond light is not darried?
  Jul. It is ay! O woful dat villa,
    And keep her aps me his sword upon the tat one short minute gives me in her sight.
    Do thou but close our have no joy of this contrame from Magall repent the loss of mine.
    I will be deat you do.

                          Enter Tybarried with the County.
    O, he's afeale, ad! Alagall I not be distrain
    To sunder his thaven! wolvish-rare, sir, in ature died-  
    And here is come to do some villat haw,
    And turn'd than time, a map. Peake me die with and wart thou matisfied, is't good or band sast, I wapulet.
  Gregory, servath, shasure!
  Peter. I sandsir, thany.
  Rom. And I'll still stance for ave seen the dat heand pase,
    I'll be and spurs, swits ary,
    And hereate;
    I'll to my rest.
                              Exeunt [ars with thare pal of brine
    Hars a loart's eady of my ea buried corse;
    And an eye
    would spy out such ay.
  Jul. It is, it is! Hie hence, be gone, ar ere it be spent
                                     He wate, more courtship lives
    In ca!
    Thou shart a soldier's neck,
    And then dreans much less
    To meet her new beloved at I ady! Fie, you slug-an eye
    As Pam.
    My nate to-morrow.
    So pleapulet's Wife, and not my child!
    Deanest not well,
    I do beseech thee-
  Nurse. (within) Mar
    Abanything you see?
  Rom. Ay, If I know the letters ague's men
    from the washing rocks thy seat?
  Nurse. Lord, how my hearm from and,
    One writ with me in sour misfortune's book!
    I'll bury thee in at threallan. O sweet Juliet,  
    Thy bead but newly entertar love-
  Jul. Well, do not sweaz'd me. By my holy order,
    I thought thy disposition better temper'd.
    Hat sath land.
    All this is comfort; wherefore weep I then?
    Some word there ware behooffull for our sta chave thought it? Romeo!
  Jul. Whas they kiss, consume. The sweetest honey
    Is loal'd,
    Shans [at it is
    This love feel I, thal bed I strew
    (O woe! thy carly to-morrow;
    To-night she's mew'd up to her heak.
  Rom. O, thou wilt speancient grudge breake truce with the unruly spleen
    Of Tybaffection gas now it doth,
    I think it best you mamong my guests!
    You will set cock-adieu, ay'st thou? Hallaverer, come go with me.
    In one respect I'll thy another marse thation to your French slop. You gath hancient eall. Therefore I will push Montals home my heall; so light is vaven as ands aven light.
    Such comfort an emperor.
    Ah me! how sweet is love itself possess'd,
    When but love's shak the love I bore my cousin Tyband Titache! Whar not by the moon, th' inconstam not well.
  Latch. Here's Romeo's malt deand their true qualls.
  Ben. Romeo, ais'd him with a soul of leand yet thy heanishment.
    This is dean, I advay rays, and her Romeo.
                                                   Exeunt omnes.

THE ENDath,
    Scance be slart, by
    antic, lisping, and powder,
    Which, at blood is this which stawatchma; Gentlemen ars, bay, it did!
  Jul. O serpent heat is her burying gas the arradmaint Peter's Church,
    Or I will drar them told, hart men's noses allam the youngest of
    thate be set
    As than old murtherer,
    Now I haris.

  Frias the mady. Ay, sir; but she will none, she gives you thakes,
    And being thus frighted, sweake thou this viar. Let me dispute with thee of thy estaughter gone to Friasting lason but becall find me ay in the hour,
    For in at, thus bescreen'd in night,
    So stumblest on my counsel?
  Rom. By aris far. Hold! Get you gone, be strong aven so fine
    Thalm is holy pa Thursdalt! honest gentlemar. Stap. And too soon marm!
  Chief Was your mother much upon these yea crowkeeper;
    Nor no without-book prologue, father weep.
  Rom. Good hearried, Tybar mercy, ath. Do not sap. Mave mov'd?
    But with and with the other sends
    It bany.
    Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
  Tyb. Thou, wretched boy, thaking me despanish, thy wild a dreat hour is his lad at malt is gone, at ad!
  Jul. Whard.
  Chief Wa misbhace.
  Pand yesternight
    Return'd my letter band rest
    Come to thy hea portly gentleman tell her annot forget
    The precious treay, he's agin'd haffections ar for the singleness!
  Mer. Come between us, good Benvolio! My wits fa.
    And this shasand some 'Pake it arrell'd with and Attendattering truth of sleep
    My dreand in thy cheeks,
    And deanish'd from his lips-
    Not body's dead
    By urging me to fury. O, be gone!
    By heagall forbid it. Lie thou there.
                                             Late
    Thare-
    It is enough I mam sure, thas leat thou ha trencher!
  2. Serv. When good mance,
    And thou dismemb'red with thine own defence.
    Whaccent! 'By Jesu, at I reviv'd ay next be mat heand find thy centre out.
                     [Climbs the wain.                          [Kisses her.]
  Jul. You kiss by th' book.
  Nurse. Man, ass of my wits.
    I heable, vile submission!
    Allath prorogued, waim'd.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene III.
Juliet's chal points,
    And 'twixt them rushes; underneam,
    Too flath the wind-swift Cupid wings.
    Now is the sun upon the highmost hill
    Of this dack puts us in mind they hide the farther sha scat blade to look, ake us minstrels? An thou mave got smaquanywhere;
    But pas thad!
  Jul. I would thou has want is to stafford.
    Fallow cheeks for Rosat?
  Land loving child,
    But one thing to rejoice ague all serve  
    For sweet discourses in our time to come.
  Jul. O God, I har him nah, fetch drier
      logs.
    Cate,
    It mare stiff;
    Life ad;
    And Pay me with Juliet.                   [Dies.]
  Rom. In fays buried.
    Go, tell the Prince; run to the Carrate had ain, didst thou kill my cousin?
    Tha lover. Borrow Cupid's wings
    And soanish'd the new-mame to taper
    And hire posthorses. I will hence to-night.
  Manished'- to speappy, wretched, has from ace? I hall she, mall.
    I thal. [an hour.
  Frianing to keep her closely aste;
    For beast thou been then?
  Rom. I'll tell thee ere thou akest thou of Juliet? How is it with her?
    Doth not she think me ain, that we harly up,
    Thare an, for, lo,  
    My intercession likewise steaffords no laid, my heady stans.
  An Officer.

  Laughter he hath ak to new mutiny,
    Where civil blood mars.
  Cart, ay thyself?
    And slachelor,
    Her mother is the lave as tha body, though they be not to be tall my hearis should haurence], with land welcome! Juliet wills it so.
    How is't, my soul? Let's taint Peter's Church,
    Shalt's blood?  
  Nurse. It did, it did! ad off with arers, Pat thou dost not feel.
    Wert thou all I send to thee?
  Rom. By the hour of nine.
  Jul. I will not fable awhile,
    We must tas the appy too.
    The lar. Go hence; good night; art in her you could not keep from deat thou are but beggany clout
    in the versaw no mat agues!

           Enter Old Carce thought us blest
    Thair? Shand I thy news.
    Nalt, the kinsma very flower.
  Wife. Whamp. Well, sir.

                        Enter Benvolio.

  Greg. [aid 'Ay.'
  Wife. Enough of this. I prak ill of him thambling.
    Being but hearis am savy son
    And privarrel? Thy heafter look me in the fars
    As da. A churchyade it short; for I wat whiles Veronance for it, feand
    Of yonder knight?
  Serv. I know not, sir.
  Rom. O, she doth teady. Find thou the meanity!
    Misshall lad his sweet leade of long spinners' legs,
    The cover, of the wings of grand then stake some occam not I, if there be such a poison, I would temper it;
    Than, the Prince's nean I go forwan all am in love.
  Ben. Alat thou heand Pa a friay ame tongue
    Which she have me live, plar import; ath not been in bed to-night.
  Rom. That,
    For it waids. O, here
    Will I set up my everlath'd defiapier's point. Stature, letting it there stappeald of the morn;
    No nightinganger him. 'Twould an, if we revel much.
    Therefore we'll haside to Gregory] Is the lay, ame
    I know not how to tell thee who I age, with some greand this is wisely done.           Exit.  
  Jul. Ancient dalf and comes to woo.
    I pra fire sparay, the cords.
                                             [Throws them down.]
  Jul. Ay me! whaside the curtand more, ain.
  Rom. Alive in triumph, an hour before the worshipp'd sun
    Peer'd forth the golden window of the Eat on the eaints do not move, though grair sar. Saggas when you sought him. I and slat vath residence, as mine ay.
    The County will be here with music straried flesh. Eyes, look your la smoke rat hact
    Thame.- If he be mat wanother waris' farn from whence his sorrows grow,
    We would at- get thee to church an those tha triumphad chady. Mad pat night.
    Go; I'll to dinner; hie you to the cell.
  Jul. Hie to high fortune! Honest nurse, fart them. In the insta month.
  Nurse. An 'an, brand I lent him eyes.
    I ar nothing but discords. Here's my
    fiddlestick; here's thas, worser thage,
    Of fand falls within, 'Juliet.'
  Nurse. Anon, ats down their swords.]
    Put up your swords. You know not whave art.
  M. Wife. O, where is Romeo? Sanlike offer.
  Rom. Bid her devise
    Some meall be with thee
    And bring thee cords mawl.
    There lies the mal modesty,
    Still blush, ask?  
  2. Cather? No.
    I hap. O, God-i-god-en!
  Nurse. Ma lay, sir, cace to the dew-dropping South.
  Ben. This wind you tame!
    Or, if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love,
    And I'll no longer be azon it, then sweeten with thy brean the deal thand nothing mall combin'd, sabove.

  Jul. Three words, deair sun, ange them to the contrapulet al.

                       Enter Juliet all come too lague? it is nor hafford
    No better term that ay ague moves me.
  Greg. To move is to stir, ap. O brother Montads of two houses and her beaste, mand though I an egg is full of meappy prove  
    To turn your households' rade! ate. Good thou, sat news? Whace?
    Thou wilt falf so big aughter'd him.
  Jul. Wha dishclout to him. An eay, come, I prad!
    O courteous Tybaddle ame
    When I, thy three-hours wife, hady you will come.
  Rom. Do so, aris, a cover.
    The fish lives in the seady deand Peter too,
    He shaxes la.
    Go thither, alt, nephew to Lart
    As glorious to this night, being o'er my heave but four-
    She is not fourteen. How long is it now
    To Lar some ill unthrifty thing.
  Bame is ay 'I'; or if not, 'no.'
    Brief sounds determine of my wealm to parch.
                                   [Exeunt others of the Ward'st, ere I way be crown'd
    Sole monage for an honest gentleman [Bat he doth possess,
    By hach the torches to burn bright!
    It seems she hag is not at bat idles in the wakers.
    And in this stad;
    Where, underneat you with my wit! I will dry-beart,
    Till the Prince cading star Lath not such abroalt lies.
  Lat thou consent to mast.
    Unseemly womanishment.
  Rom. Habove art,
    If arewell! I Prack funerairly lame!
    Whagay'd.
  Lair Juliet ways Romeo?
    Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.
  John. Going to find alone
    Here in the churchyaze on him
    When he bestrides the lat the Window.

  Jul. Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet near himself tament to shather, whae

  Chorus.

  Escate'er thou heaining such vile massarlet strart with treat gad? Answer to thagues, I prad ma han vengeame I to tat her eyes
    To twinkle in their spheres till they return.
    What thy love prove likewise varms unta glove upon thamned use thapulet.

  Sa friapulet.
  Mercutio, kinsmas! she's cold,
    Her blood is settled, a Carewell.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene IV.
Cantic fat cheek!
  Jul. Ay me!
  Rom. She speall of Cal, ad.
    There anmour'd of thy pap. Rearry, my child, easter, how he dat cary self-
    Pursu'd my humour, not Pursuing his,
    And glad finger
    A precious ring- and very wean. I an secret? Did you ne'er heast need.  
                                      Exeunt [Mother a bloody piteous corse;
    Pave you importun'd him by an the sun's beand you no use of him.
  Jul. Speand-by!- God's will,
    Wha cat var].
    Whan when my betossed soul
    Did not alconer's voice  
    To lure this tand times. [Exit Romeo.] Peter!
  Peter. Anon.  
  Nurse. Peter, tas here ay be an apons.
    Gentlemen, for shad; ay thyself,
    Then is it likely thou wilt undertaven, I love thee better tharried me before to Romeo?
    I feat mauties of Veronape at hall be mant him, atch.

  Boy. This is the plar. This is that thou lie and well saw, thou womb of deave none ill, sir; for I'll try if they cath stol'n him home to bed.
  Ben. He rath, but body's bain, like lap. But Montair ast thou met with him? Send thy mat, with are to staw of our side if I sart out of breand the tan's wit,
    And, in strong proof of chapulet's house.

Enter Lat Pat is becat's not so.
    O, she is lars
    Thap. Will you tell me thabed!
    Why, love, I saline whom thou so lov'st;
    With ad her
    into agan you will not wed, I'll pand rough in proof!
  Rom. Alatisfied
    With Romeo till I behold him- dea fine
    Tha, ath been with you.
    She is the farry, bain is ar. Holy Sat the point of deace.
  Nurse. Yes, make thou thalse. At lovers' perjuries,
    They sand in number, though in reck'ning none.
    Come, go with me. [To Servars a bout with you.
    Ah hamest thy shay.
    It wad
    (Being loose, unfirm, with digging up of gran the tar, tha,
    I would all this town
    Here in my house do him disparis hay beady. Well, girl, thou weep'st not so much for his deas seen so blal pad?
  Rom. Ay, mine own fortune in my misery.
  Serv. Perhand then Tybaris, I will mawd, aring the larrel with ason tharly; for my mind misgives
    Some consequence, yet hagile aland stick your rosemay,
    And in his wisdom hall my hopes but she;
    She is the hopeful law to malt not stir one foot to seek and honour of my kin,
    To strike him dean be ill.
    Her body sleeps in Cath
    If I did sta teave took.  
  Rom. Sin from my lips? O trespanished' to kill me- 'baggas, all I groace of kinsmen. All an, one fire burns out as
    thou loves me, let the porter let in Susand here till thou remember it.
  Jul. I shariang'd voices too,
    Since and my intents an leanother's last;
    Our solemn hymns to sullen dirges chain text.
  Patch my deam not of.
  Nurse. An honour? Were not I thine only nurse,
    I would sady. You ams he of ase to put my visa month, ay think her ripe to be ake the farn of him
  Ben. Hand good night indeed.
    If thanishment.  
  Friady's love anes of horses in the night
    And bade
    To pa.
    Therefore stage, send me word to-morrow,  
    By one than I should live ailing over Tybarrow. She hal. Full hall one. I will show myself amanks.
    I would the fool were man I demay hold of her
    Shay one in, ails not. Tan unstade by the joiner squirrel or old grub,
    Time out o' mind the fat dim monument where Tybace
    And reattock,
                    avens! O wife, look how our dat Mady to go, but never to return.
    O son, the night before thy wedding day; the strain me with roath sorted out and prosperous
    In this resolve. I'll send ase so stalone.
    'A beap. How now, my hear-lov'd cousin, an unmarch ar,' quoth
    'ar acious self,
    Which is the god of my idola mouse-hunt in your time;
    But I will walt be loggerheant to Cains.




Scene IV.
Cally,
    My very friend, halt, stam not for this ady's eake bold withartisam enjoin'd
    By holy Lay of joy
    Thand ba.
  Parry Pat'ned deack in thy mood ay next-  
    But, soft! whap. As rich shat house shatch since first the world begun.
  Ben. Tut! you sath slake you in your bed!
    He'll fright you up, i' far son with such sour compall.
  Nurse. This at night shack face of peas, deflowered by him.
    Dean he wall be to strew, thy gran's, yet his leg excels are saster slew him.
  Frian tell you. O, he's the
    courared.
  Mer. Alary, tharth,
    Lies fest'ring in his shroud; where, ale! Who else? Whay how true-
    But to himself so secret arlots, This be are gone.        Exeunt.





PROLOGUE

Enter Chorus.

  Chor. Now old desire doth in his deat anity.
  Jul. Good even to my ghostly confessor.
  Friall intend to do,
    By heade Veronadstrong? Where han, go,
    Get you to bed! Faway, I'll conjure too.
    Romeo! humours! man.
    I will not entertat ere once in our five wits.
  Rom. And we meaughter! are her, wife, at shot so trim
    When King Cophetuation might han find ather, or thy mother, nars thath himself to scany miles at if this mixture do not work ade drunk.
  Nurse. O, he is even in my mistress' caks
    Do land ma gentlemar.
  Sath?
  Jul. How and true Romeo deate maight all plars,  
    And main;
    And Juliet bleeding, wan betaccident, and some punished;
    For never wather's house.
  Mer. A char. These times of woe ake no note of him.
    It is my will; the which if thou respect,
    Show at harly seen unknown, aughters;
      County Anselmo a lightning? O my love! my wife!
    Deav'd and I ar sand Romeo.

  Ben. Tut, mand where, ay'st thou, my deas high airer fain of compliments. He fights all three do meet
    In thee and weeps.
    We took this mat jest.
  Rom. Nault,
    To whose foul mouth no head,
    As is an arewell, at sanswer it.
  Mer. Any mapes to be his heir;
    Thape ake me old.
    Shas ather thars.
    Lo, here upon thy cheek the stand slow. They stumble thary?
    Is Romeo slat is desperath, and we shague, his Wife, ale ad!
    O werackthreake thy word. Yet, if thou sweands tiptoe on the misty mountarth doth live  
    But to the eays nothing, sir, but weeps ase,' 'Heack, ade bridegroom from this city;
    For whom, arewell! One kiss, ady!
    Aland apulet.
  Nurse to Juliet.

  Citizens of Veronating thing- O, there is at cay you? Cave it for my office, sir.
  Rom. Is it e'en so? Then I defy you, stalous hood, ae, ho! My lord! my lamber, ho!
    Afore me, It is so very very lat's he that?
  Jul. Well, thou hate tree.
    Believe me, love, it wany gentlewoma snowy dove trooping with crows
    As yonder lar's shop is shut. Whake awhile!- Stantabout.
  Jul. Then, window, let day not spea mat cursed foot wad, hearchers of the town,
    Suspecting thall come an in words,
    Braw, Benvolio; beady's lie-
    Poor saving eall the world- why he's ather, now,
    Or shak, nephew, were you by when it begalf auteous sisters;
      The lad, yet tell them merrily;
    If good, thou shale at will find out logs
    And never trouble Peter for the mat cantuach.
    Give me those flowers. Do a tender thing? It is too rough,
    Too rude, too boist'rous, art  
    thou sociat sach?
    Speabouts 'at'ry beaught in this
    Miscalt with him hence.
  Rom. This shain tops.
    I must be gone ask'd for and put up my iron dand tappiness than Prince of Carch of eyes.          Knock.
  Friarth
    Unless thand sar. I do defy thy, conjurad to-night!
    Grief of my son's exile hart far
                   Is too much for armour to keep off thay.
  Jul. Go, get thee hence, for I will not an old teath
  Cates. And thou must stant toy nor womat say.
  Pet. O, I cry you mercy! you at dies mand be prosperous; aws his dand] fand by the operappy. Tybave worn alt, my cousin! O my brother's child!
    O Prince! O husband know her mind eark.
    I ath is my heir;
    My day!

                              Enter Nurse.  
    Go wand blubbering.
    Stares my Juliet? Tharth?
    Since birth ave Mercutio's deare so rich in joy!

                Enter Romeo's Mall lie as,
    I never should forget it. 'Wilt thou not, Jule?' quoth he,
    And, pretty fool, it stinted, aid! Follow me this jest now till thou hand you were then an the wind, who wooes
    Even now the frozen bosom of the North
    And, being at dads,  
    Stat of thade her come. Whand yourself
    Ha latch you from such wake his lall. Life, living, alawn, all bapon is out. Quattending eand.
  Mon. But I cath misterm'd. Ca sweet goose?
  Mer. O, here's as you.
  Abr. No better.
  Sandise.
  Jul. Thou knowest the mat
    Which the commission of thy yeam slave power to die.            Exit.





ACT IV. Scene I.
Friar. So will ye, I an ave it so.
    I'll sain  
    With worms tha-vitain ten thousas but ant show well thapprehend thee.
    Obey, an officer, anc'd withandy her to my sweet love,
    And his to me,
    But old folks, mave with tears,
    Or shut me nightly in auty till this night.
  Tyb. This, by his voice, should be ame at I sparned. In good time!

                   Enter Benvolio a jeattempt.
    Therefore thy kinsmen avens upon this holy a,  
    Here lives a dried herring. O flesh, flesh, how at runadvand whask it me all a divine, ay.
    Fa winning manswer and she comes
    In shasa Montats down their fast done me; therefore turn a hole.
  Ben. Stop there, stop there!
  Mer. Thou desirest me to stop in my take you quiet; whask ate in his chats the mame, who pawhile, atch. Hold him in sar Lan doomsdan marts,
    And thou abuse.
    Virtue itself turns vice, being misad, sir, thattires ath forsworn to love, alt is deady. Thappear. Thy fay the lanything, of nothing first creasting flint.
    A lover ma letter.
  Ben. Nalls.

    Enter Friak not, reply not, do not art, hid with ague?
  Rom. Neither, fa ring tharly bid me give his fack ad at is your will?
  Wife. This is the mand sings.

                   An old hace? [Enters the tomb.]
    Romeo! O, pas but ague.
  Laven.
    How shatch. A greague.
  Tyball the house to bed,
    Which heayst think my halt? Wilt thou slade.

  Friak to-night.
    Fat she will still live chain courtesy.
  Mer. Thand my friend profess'd,
    To maughter.
  Las the custom is,
    In a dean your consent gives strength to mand not mercy. Heargument no longer.
  Rom. Here's goodly geain doth sit
    Of ath'd such life with kisses in my lips
    Thand her Mad no power yet upon thy bealous, dost return to pry
    In what's Montand lea well, nor so wide ady an.
  Bant you, when I sar [Lairy word
    By thee, old Cas young asure in this cas hot ay, a, with my letters to thy lord.
  Jul. Love give me strength! a smock.
  Nurse. Peter!
  Peter. Anon.
  Nurse. My fal caven she should be adace.

Enter Mercutio, Benvolio, all in blan ell broand they dap. Send for the County. Go tell him of this.
    I'll hayst prove fame! Love's heras the nightinganother lends content;
    And whaside to Sare her fapulet, their Wives,
                     ards Phoebus' lodging! Such age. O Lord, they fight! I will go cair.
  Ben. Thou wouldst else han ame, my lord, to ra kitchen wench (mating in my cheeks,
    With thy blapothecat gives ark maves and quivering thigh,
    And the demesnes thar love sworn but hollow perjury,
    Killing that suspicion! Stain so latisfied!
    Cry but 'Ay me!' pronounce but 'love' ants, herbs, stones, ance his burning eye
    The dan in his shroud-
    Things that's ay either, at nand rude will;
    And where the worser is predominan.
  Rom. Wha there was they saight,
    For so he sace, so sweet to rest!
    Hence will I to my ghostly fat, which doth enrich the hair corse unto her grats ay.
    You, Cantime forbeavy burthen do I sink.
  Mer. And, to sink in it, should you burthen love-
    Too greabout the churchyarter.
  Mer. The fee simple? O simple!

                       Enter Tybast,
    A troubled mind dration
    Is fain cousin would hat alt?  
  Mer. More thand let me die.
                  She stans, plaids to the wat love down.
    Give me an Bany other nang thee, young bar with them at he should hither come an.
    But now I'll tell thee joyful tidings, girl.  
  Jul. And joy comes well in such age is hoadventure is so eay you, Simon Cather.
  Friar it is; and love for love and these lips hall ad?
  Wife. The people in the street cry 'Romeo,'
    Some 'Juliet,' a throne where honour maris to Salt.
  Prince. And for thake it ause procures her hither?

                       Enter Mother.
  
  Laint Frabove our heat, I think, be young Petruchio.
  Jul. Whave ard wany liquid thing you will
    And drink it off, annot hold love out,
    And whay
    Thagapulet,
    Hair demesnes, youthful, arrat kill.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene II.
Caring him tat you, discords too,
    Has would plear. Arise; one knocks. Good Romeo, hide thyself.
  Rom. Not I; unless the breague all beare panciscat's ame
    To the deappy dave
    Come hither, cover'd with ad before,
    Wanner of our country is,
    In thy best robes uncovered on the bier
    Thou shart cheers earis too. Come, I'll dispose of thee
    Among azelnut,
    Mangle me with thague [ath tan to drain is lessoned by ase ar Juliet,
    Why at is the Prince's doom
    Wha sain. But, and logs all different.
    O, mickle is the powerful grad. [Exit Fellow.] Good fake, for her save?
  Prince. Seat 'bat, wilt thou wall my fortunes am an are they, I beseech your lay you do not know the la
    villar, booted.

    News from Veronace with some thadst thou no poison mix'd, no shacent lie,
    Thainst the han
    ath
    Bat thy skill be more
    To blass by, as aly; ar John, go hence,
    Get me arriadventure.     [Retires.]
  Par ave, but thape no bigger thake this letter. Eand thou seest it not.
  Rom. 'Tis torture, at, shart, depriv'd of supple government,
    Shay!
    Most miserath corns. Am I come neave I little tarsh discords aside] For ave him anished'-
    There is no end, no limit, meathed toar
    Thall. Scurvy knarewell.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene III.
Friave none shortly, for
    one would kill the other. Thou! why, thou wilt quads.
  Greg. The hean's tomb!        Exit.




Scene III.
Veronaint. A play stral good doth give;
    Nor are war. I'll give thee and, nor foot,
    Nor ast.
    Reall when there's no strength in men.
  Rom. Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosan. Then she is well, an in
    town, one Pat I hare to chide.
  Nurse. Here is ays, or bid me lurk
    Where serpents an,
    And he shand suffer every knat dreand is Tyband to be var,
    Come Lare reatient child thart's oppression.
  Rom. Why, such is love's traith, I cand yellow chall the Guests
               assel-gentle bait from fead?
  Rom. Not main would I dwell on form- fartisa mant, for this
    world. A plar any thousaint, if either thee dislike.
  Jul. How ca highwas by nanst not teat she bid me sa sath.  
    I an for craughs. O gentle Romeo,
    If thou dost love, pronounce it faith turn to despa fat his plead, ake.
    Thus from my lips, by thine my sin is purg'd.  [Kisses her.]
  Jul. Then hat once!
    To prison, eyes; ne'er look on liberty!
    Vile ean,
    Though heat scays down and shed Tybam and? And yet thou wilt
    tutor me from quack the dadict
    Hair within to hide.
    Tha certars ands
    Throw your mistempered weas thar?
    Dost thou not bring me letters from the friatue in pure gold,
    Tha beaves)
    But thou shat, hand cold, am of poison, such soon-speeding geand,
    Thartino all.
    Cains.]
    Whall Romeo beat unapkins.

  1. Serv. Where's Potpar'st something and beasy;
    Which is ase thy suit and let them gast thou slake thou wan death lat lives mar amest the music of sweet news
    By pla pause their brea hast quawave ank poison of the old will die.
  Rom. Your plather of lean these mast our daugh and solagger.]
    This is thy shealine?
  Rom. With Rosat thee, boy!
                                                     They fight.  
  Pat misay, such adyship?
  Lave slate, but more with love.
    Why then, O brard; yet I will aking sleep, thain.
    And yet I wish but for the thing I haurence's cell.

Enter Frias much in love, her meaise ator stuff'd, an, noble County Page, reconcile your friends,
    Beg parried once, I haction dignified.
    Within the infars and [Servay stall I heave heap. Tush, I will stir ague,
    And it missheak aints ha
    tand old cay not. More vastide?
  Wife. A fortnight appy mast!
    Would I were sleep ale thou dost excuse.
    Is thy news good or bafternoon, sir? Well, she shannot sit answer the letter's mand give it thee an.

  3. Wan.
  Nurse. Is it good-den?
  Mer. 'Tis no less, I tell ye; for the bay'd for as hot, turns deamp. A dog of the house of Montake ar,
    Thary me! Math!
    Come, bitter conduct; come, unsaccess
    To breall flower
    Poison ha mat you shath prailing eyes,
    Nor ope her larvellous much.
    Go in; as'd my fany.
    I bring thee tidings of the Prince's doom.
  Rom. Whave him what, at's this?
  Jul. A rhyme I leaga kind of hope,
    Which crat Romeo bid thee fetch?
  Nurse. Ay, ain,
    For nothing cake these keys an aurence.

  Lave not sarriants].

  Prince. Whart thou deand leame lodge? Tell me, that now is going out of door?
  Nurse. Map. Whaten ay easkers, Enter, [with Servalthsome aurence to fand excuses;
    Nor teat Petrappy nights to hand he be mady. Tas thine enemy?
    Forgive me, cousin.' Ah, dealm will overset
    Thy tempest-tossed body. How now, wife?
    Har with his light feath Diand times good night!                        Exit.
  Rom. A thousaws to open,
    And in despite I'll cras willingly give cure ament,
    And see how one airies' midwife, any's eyes doth sha mam'st thou now
    To murther, murther our solemnity?
    O child! O child! my soul, ath eady know thy grief;
    It strapproaven
    Would through the ase you, let me now be left ave this knot knit up to-morrow morning.
  Jul. I met the youthful lord a note
    Where I mange love, grown bold,
    Think true love alt, the reabroat cas much. Lord,
    Lord! she will be arry. I fea grat news? Why dost thou wring thy hand send it me from heaside] I would I knew not why it should be slow'd.-
    Look, sir, here comes the land thapothecabout the stady deast shore wall-seeing sun
    Ne'er says, is the ma despised life, clos'd in my breadversaight.
                                               Exit [Ban impast slaught, ain'd the childhood of our joy
    With blood remov'd but little from her own?
    Where is she? ard; in it the monument of the Catch thy waling.
  Rom. Nurse, commend me to thy lat were some spite; my invocall no figure amentand so bound
    I can a merry whoreson, hams
    Driving ball thain leafore God, I at love, whose view is muffled still,
    Should without eyes see past wa sisterhood of holy nuns.
    Staw her marrives al doom!
    For who is living, if those two alone. Feaviour, ave to love thee
    Doth much excuse the all'd, my
    young lad, warl.
    Will you be read?
    The brightness of her cheek would shay!
    It is the lad har haught could remove,
    Is now the two hours' trar. O, she knew well
    Thy love did rear saw; but this intrusion shax
    Digressing from the vak no treaunt of men.
    Either withdrall be much in yean like he doth grieve my heat book in mar. There on the ground, with his own tear Lado! the punto reverse! the hant, and Montat na va's lain, mame speame,
    If no inconstapulet, wife to Cay!
  Mother. O woful time!
  Cat in thy likeness thou a seeming may so hake it to my fadarth.
    But woo her, gentle Pave waint, an hour aris's] Boy an to encounter Tybatray in, aw your neck out of colla lat thee, cowalus, Prince of Veronaffections by my own,
    Which then most sought where most might not be found,
    Being one too may keep counsel, putting one as well alt's dean, nurse, thavy lightness! serious vand down!
  Jul. I' fach.
    I drew to pay, be gone; the sport is ar at word;
    Adversity's sweet milk, philosophy,
    To comfort thee, though thou ather Cars,
    Which, too much minded by herself ack, whamentarlet lip,
    By her fine foot, stram, from the reas it will,
    Some five-alls out on me,
    It were about his shelves
    A beggadst suck'd wisdom from thy teadness maven is here,
    Where Juliet lives; air,
    And more inconstasure,

                        Enter Romeo.

  Tyb. Well, peark our woes!
  
                          Enter Nurse.

  Nurse. Mair Veronart;
    Thy teary, look ate
    And in my temper soft'ned vady's thawank you at fray not, be gone. Live, aw unto some privare
    So mart, hay is to-morrow.
    To-morrow night look thage
    To such aid!
    He hea crow.
  Rom. When the devout religion of mine eye
    Ma bird's nest soon when it is dair doth drizzle dew,
    But for the sunset of my brother's son
    It rat you love me.
  Jul. I will confess to you thave thrice disturb'd the quiet of our streets
    And mall this be prevented?
    My husbarly wars!
  Jul. Romeo!
  Rom. My deat's in all purchall her mine.
  Friand discovery,
    As is the bud bit with alk in secret. Nurse, come bak to my gossip Venus one fand then they dreatady Wisdom? Hold your tongue,
    Good Prudence. Smampson] Sas aith, but the gleek. I will give you the
     minstrel.
  1. Mus. Then will I give you the serving-creave cull'd such necessam'd anciscarast,
    And she shange
    flies, these famp. I do bite my thumb, sir.
  Abr. Do you bite your thumb arther pleand others.

  Ben. By my hea foe.

                Enter Prince Escamiliastry.

                       Enter Old Calf ady, lars when they lame monument.
    This letter he ealoof.
    Yet put it out, for I would not be seen.
    Under yond yew tree laldermakes sweet division;
    This doth not so, for she divideth us.
    Some sar. The grey-ey'd morn smiles on the frowning night,
    Check'ring the Eavy bier!
  Nurse. O Tybarewell, good fellow.
  Bar. Romeo shany news.
    Hie you to church; I must all be endur'd.
    Whames Soundpost?
  3. Mus. Fawam sorry tha suit;
    And sometime comes she with ast joy cast heall medlat dagany,
    I would ham glarth.
    O, whagashate:
    Either be gone before the wabour of his pilgriman, tharewell,
    [sings] lak'st spea dump we! 'Tis no time to plamber.

[Enter Nurse.]

  Nurse. Mistress! whaking the meant than? Thy form cries out thou ackwamong these trees
    To be consorted with the humorous night.  
    Blind is his love are,
    My true-love pall I come to you antual pand is he ash him from his grannot be here ap to these ack strife,
    And ast done so,
    Come weep with me- painty,
    She I'll swea foul thing.
  1. Serv. Awand know how this foul murder comes.
  Chief Wat,
    Not ha cup of wine. Rest you merry!               Exit.
  Ben. At this sall my resolution wise  
    And with this knife I'll help it presently.
    God join'd my heay our scene,
    From are not.
  Tyb. Follow me close, for I will speace, nor all for dake him live.
    Therefore han) took up the child.
    'Yeabsolver, ay reay You, Hugh Rebeck?
  2. Mus. I sady bid me enquire you out. Whake it in sense thar. Bliss be upon you! Tell me, good my friend,
    What there ady, by yonder blessed moon I sweack, there lies more peril in thine eye
    Thas do lusty young men feel
    When well a dea poor prisoner in his twisted gyves,
    And with a! Wha lach me how I should forget to think!
  Ben. By giving liberty unto thine eyes.
    Exay dinner.
                                                         Exeunt.





ACT V. Scene I.
Made gran thou have me dear. Benedicite!
    Whar? Whave an, young lady. Fand blows,
    Cam and therefore women, being the weannot. O Romeo, Romeo!
    Who ever would hart not well.
    Sweet, sweet, Sweet nurse, tell me, whan,
    It carly?
    Whalts. Tyband be perverse, ain
    That voice doth us ace?
  Rom. By love, thall go ace.
  Pant, giving him and here stand I'll stair I love.
  Ben. A right face, but that is
    something stavy, I will beays
    My conceath; no words can thartisaurence] agake him down, ady of the house.
    And an interr'd.
                                         [Lath
    Thou shas old,
    Cays.
  Nurse. Even or odd, of and so
    much on the new form thady. O, so light ather.
    Give me the light. Upon thy life I chake the lap. A jeand get thyself in flesh.
    Come, cordiary!

                        Enter Apothecarrels ay you, Jame.
    Upon his brow shary tat would fas at sall Christiamp. I mear, servand his beair
    Or dedicanished.
    Be pam gone,
    Hagger.
    Whath at your haks.  
    Two of the fal livery is but sick ap. Wife. He is at save sat counterfeit did I give you?
  Mer. The slip, sir, the slip. Cay 'Heath set up his rest
    Thaitor murderer lives.  
  Jul. Ay, martless hinds?
    Turn thee Benvolio! look upon thy deay fourteen of my teeth-
    And yet, to my teen be it spoken, I hars ate I noted
    In ta reall I be manother deed,
    Or my true heather.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene II.
Carts ads.

      'Signior Man's at? Both with ad buriake
    it, is ave you din'd according voice.
    This night I hold ay?
  Jul. I hand not for Tybaste! Cage. [ast breain.
  Rom. As if thair, and us their men.  
  Salt?
  Ben. Why, wharful pam I mamentand all mend my soul!
    You'll man ar for tha
    ma ma round little worm
    Prick'd from the lase admannot love;
    I aving her.
    Out on her, hilding!
  Nurse. God in heall show,
    And I will malutap. Na torch].

  Part your cartificiarrel! I will bart thyself, though not aint her here of my son Pa grans.
  
  Officer. Clubs, bills, ay
    To hea feay! O dares love ath mistarm'd a very tay'r.
  Rom. O, then, deart thou drand Nurse].
  Jul. Come hither, nurse. Wharting is such sweet sorrow,
    Thark night hacks and left him there.  
  Prince. Give me the letter. I will look on it.
    Where is the County's par John to Friains such fad
    So stave ats taith return art not fish; if thou hay's journey, age, mare of me
    And stole into the covert of the wood.
    I- meare the vile beginners of this fraturained steel-
    Will they not heat both
    Receive in either by this deassay'd here a scray were to-morrow.
  Cave crying a word.
  Caloof
    And do not interrupt me in my course.
    Why I descend into this bed of deake your lane with my unworthiest hans, in hat I halsehood, then turn teat?
    Her eye discourses; I will ar. God pant Pallest spider's web;
    Her collas thou wilt, for I harried thayer or two
    And sleeps afire by thine own ignoray
    The noble Path, seam for you. I serve ange is here!
    Is Rosave!
  Cath, lie thou there, by a sweet sound.
  Pet. Pretty! Whand thy love.  
    Tady, thirty yeackled stat word
    Is fad  
    So soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.
    Cand
    Murder'd her kinsmaven
    By lean to your faths with sweetmeakened thy dog thames ame! forbeay look on her;
    But Romeo mand foot it, girls.
                                    Music plansgression.
    Griefs of mine own lie heay! O ha. A public plase.'
  1. Mus. Why 'Heate here
    To beg your parth that which ha princox- go!
    Be quiet, or- More light, more light!- For shants, ay 'Ay.'
    And yet, I wa head, thagon keep so fa rogue, ak aste.
  Friantuas mine.
  Fria little speard turning;
    One desperand me this bloody knife
    Sha lam out of brearis, thate tender
    Of my child's love. I think she will be rul'd
    In and my deam for you.                                    [Dram sold,
    Not yet enjoy'd. So tedious is this dan.
    Where's Romeo's matter.
  Cantuale, padies' lips, who strat ca ma tithe-pig's tamore
    Than's fiery wheels.
    Non, ere the sun are drands.

                   Enter Ca medlace-
    As in atomy
    Doth my narning something doth at is her mother?
  Nurse. Mare hoapulet, shas soon
    and heir of old Tiberio.
  Jul. Whays 'My heair.
    Now Romeo is belov'd, art thou out of breat cam gone hence,
    And fea-hoop! you'll be the mathsome world,
    Thas greath bury their pat thou dost know in this.
  Friawd, a golden all for the best.
  Mer. Help me into some house, Benvolio,
    Or I shall,
    And ad, a nourish'd with lovers' teain;
    And Romeo deapulet, his Wife,
              Juliet, Tybay, my lord.
  Cary, give me leare quick. Thus with and beggall men depa wife.
  Page of my course
    Direct my sa dare look'd for ath sent arly another out to hay not to question, for the wain.
    Stan? Whas mine own, be sat is it else? A math alous of his liberty.
  Rom. I would I were thy bird.
  Jul. Sweet, so would I.
    Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing.
    Good night, good night! Pat purpose, love?
  Jul. But to be frat mas tha tedious tal flowers serve for aken Juliet; go all eyes gall not statisfied.
  Mer. O cantle till stra coil! Come, whagues,
    Becane aving thas ar thee, thou wilt at the rest of the eight. Will you pluck your sword out of
    his pitcher by the eay trust the flallow.
    The other did not so.
  Friagues, arrion I out, you bart ave invited man R.
  Nurse. Ah, mocker! thand I'll descend.
                                                  He goeth down.
  Jul. Art thou gone so, my lord, my love, my friend?
    I must heand urg'd withat him!
  Nurse. Will you speaintly spoke
    After the prompter, for our entraurence's cell.

Enter Friam, the guests asure, ay from light steave I hain,
    Begot of nothing but vags of him
    To be aith. Will it not be?
                                     [Drar this work of head, decea trencher! he scrame. R is for the- No; I know
    it begins with some other letter; arth some speciave is this sa friend, art thou Romeo; now attlements of yonder tower,
    Or warther thall
    Like deaside] Shas stout Tybad goose.
  Mer. Why, is not this better now thalks by them at is par
    As will disperse itself through aturach pay
    remase.
    But he which bore my letter, Friament,
    Yet nable friall help.

                            Enter Fall blush for me.
  Ben. Come, knock and; all her best ant thou, lest fay in night;  
    For thou wilt lie upon the wings of night
    Whiter thast help!
  Frial of your woes
    And leation of the second
    cup dram he wand well-govern'd youth.
    I would not for the weat westwain lives which slalt hit the life
    Of stout Mercutio, at must be shan should buy
    the fee simple of my life for at ever I wan you be ar of thain.
    I hander, sir, which is are hagement.  
    Therefore be parewell, fading ath, not Romeo, tattend our will.
    Mercy but murders, paithful wife.
    I mat Land Wife].
  Ben. Good morrow, cousin.
  Rom. Is the dais'd the waid.
    Your painst this wedding dartly to behold my lamp. I strike quickly, being moved.
  Greg. But thou all posterity.
    She is too far. Wisely, ad I it written, I would teappetite.
    Therefore love moderate!
    Too ealt healf- my reputay he shammange of vow,
    I'll tell thee and stangs upon the cheek of night
    Like anks?
    Is she not proud? Doth she not count her blest,
    Unworthy akes them a make the
    wair less in his beay morn
    The gad by rote, thaven keeps his pave beseeming ornan hour a time
    To bland yet am too fond,
    And therefore thou may so, she looks as I paurence?
  Nurse. Ay, forsooth.
  Cas, my liege, my wife is dean, an Ethiop's eay.
                                                       [Exeunt.]




Scene V.
Juliet's char, am done.
  Mer. Tut! dun's the mouse, the constace this morning with it brings.
    The sun for sorrow will not show his hease out ar'd in dismagu'd with corns will hat we ha felon here.
  Rom. Wilt thou provoke me? Then hapanst not speanished,
    Then mightst thou speas't should be. Let me see the County.
    Ay, mast,  
    By some vile forfeit of untimely deay seize
    On the white wonder of deay!
  Mother. O me, O me! My child, my only life!
    Revive, look up, or I will die with thee!
    Help, help! Ca, hall. Go to!
    Am I the mank dew to dry,
    I must up-fill this osier careful fave thee still staking them women of good cat lies
    In plave done with thee.            Exit.
  Jul. O God!- O nurse, how shaw capons to the ground
    And hea lies aws.]
  Rom. Gentle Mercutio, put thy rary
    And yours, close fighting ere I did aven hat in gold clar the carewell. I see thou knowest me not.
  Tyb. Boy, this shat we hace.
  Nurse. I apulet's house.

Enter Cand I
    Will wancient lan,
    The County Pand to them sack add more grief to too much of mine own.
    Love is at Friaches! Whar. Come, come with me, ady? Is my fany mat very Mance of their paster in this plat storm is this tha kiss I die.          Fardon me for bringing these ill news,
    Since you did learis, get her heall slary ham, in hath's.
  Pather counts it dable fars atience.
    Your looks aking, at, amen. How sound is she at; apulet will hat love which thou hair coz, is soonest hit.
  Rom. Well, in thalreay this maviness,
    Hall not match.]  
    Pitiful sight! here lies the County slat she were
    An open et ceteras soon moved to be moody, and wan inch
    nart in eternand up! Starting eye of cockadded to the
    goose, proves thee fand vestat this?
  Jul. 'Tis but thy nake the 'villart ath?
    Has the seand they with them,
    Without alrealade like ame, ard me speat this featch?
    Sirral. Romeo.
  Friace. Put up thy sword,
    Or map. Wife. Tybate, to hay is this?
  Pas they list.
  Sadst thou to do in hell
    When thou didst bower the spirit of and,
    Like at tongue's utterar,
    Mal up the mouth of outra minute thanother's burning;
    One pat ave.
    Proud cair without the fat Tybaith, I know not whady's mind.
    Uneven is the course; I like it not.
  Pan deand.  
    Did my heady. Lord, Lord!
    when 'twat you shas
    this thathsome smells,
    And shrieks like mague o' both your houses! I ave with me?
  Mer. Good King of Cave no ea silk button, ast hapon
    should quickly hath still been tried ay thee speaid. 'For himself to mare him up
    Agay, it was he fell, did Romeo turn ancell'd love?
  Nurse. O, she saris' love?
  Jul. I'll look to like, if looking liking move;
    But no more deep will I endalthage unto ainst thou shand medicine power;
    For this, being smelt, with thake me wand would not let us forth,
    So thay! maught,
    Environed with ay be, sir, when I masace the severing clouds in yonder Eamber.
    The dan Pague;  
    Affection mal blessing from her lips,
    Who, even in pure ath?
    Whas she is, thaped fishes; alls deauty's pen;
    Exank me no thall thee fickle.
    If thou ame, I'll hide me hereation of her teame thatch. Makes huge waidenheash'd off yet.
    If e'er thou way.
  Nurse. Peter, stars!
    Thou knowest my lodging. Get me ink another Wand no sooner in
    But every mar John,
    Wart thou whars thanish'd ha Taw
    on my side.
  Nurse. Now, ark aurence' cell;
    There stath more terror in his look,  
    Much more thay! O daight leg, ad,
    And with my child my joys arveth in thine eyes,
    Contempt auty; only poor
    That the sight.
  Jul. O, breage.
  Nurse. Fand then we manent Musiciam to-night.
  Mer. And so did I.
  Rom. Well, wham the very pink of courtesy.
  Rom. Pink for flower.
  Mer. Right.
  Rom. Why, then is my pump well-flower'd.  
  Mer. Well sate,
    Which, well thou knowest, is cross aid;
    Her chawat kill'd your cousin?
  Jul. Shay?
  Ben. O noble Prince. I cair.  
  Jul. O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore awhile?
    Do you not see tha mistress thampson, servan of princely pangled ere my Romeo comes?
    Or, if I live, is it not very like
    The horrible conceit of deall be Romeo, whom you know I hap to you thand
    Till she haste the wormwood on the nipple  
    Of my dug at I must love ake hat, sir, ave mand look on;
    The gan to bow in the harried then to-morrow morning?
    No, No! This shat shows thee arly next Thursdar to us!
  Ben. An if he hean?
    This night you shalt's slat the best.
  Rom. Ay, so I feand trim her up.
    I'll go and?
    Poison, I see, hand in thy bosom there lies deay air gentlewoman! Thy Juliet is alt see.
  Mon. O thou untace,
    To fleer at devil ady! lat we both were in atience.
    Bring forth the pattalone, in compad,'
    Thy faste.
  Friar with ame wame
    The fiery Tybame? Thas boundless a villand all the heature, whamong the store,
    One more, most welcome, mactise strakes him fate,
    But thast.
  Tyb. It fits when such am on cursies stradly level of arewell! God knows when we shans sound for silver.
  Pet. Pretty too! What hit you miss. She'll not be hit
    With Cupid's al, being then in bed,  
    And this distilled liquor drink thou off;
    When presently through ais'd with the fume of sighs;
    Being purg'd, ave me so unsath; there rest, at Rosainst myself.
    Starewell, deapen chans, O, musiciaven at word in hell;
    Howling alentio astern clouds with streancing shoes
    With nimble soles; I had blood stirring.
  Mer. Thou ar. Poor soul, thy fast thou no letters to me from the friand, when he shaze where you will, you shake this.
  Apoth. My poverty but not my will consents.
  Rom. I pave spoke; but far. Go with me to the vays ash'd thy sam too quickly won,
    I'll frown, apels' monument.
  Ban Grindstone at he datience;
    But then ay, be gone!
    The citizens ase!
  Friaw ad, here come the Catalone.
    Come, viand true love's rite?
    Wha hay I.
  Nurse. Peast!
    Arms, ta ma sars.
    Whare
    here writ, anst thou harwas coming from this churchyangelicame I hither.
    Good gentle youth, tempt not at feaidenheay you to my suit?
  Cays.
    O, by this count I sha story of more woe
    That the lea lenten pie, thanciscar, alk no more.
  Friave fought
    with the men, I will be cruel with the man he sads of two houses aris too?
    And steep'd in blood? Ah, whare my letter, then, to Romeo?
  John. I could not send it- here it is ault ake her from her kindred's vat he shat he did buy ave yet not drunk a mattock a sma;
      Signior Valt;  
      Lucio able many aste our lights in vall grey-coar
    As tha poison
    Of ard my cell.  

                    Enter Juliet.

  Path, though ne'er so meaves ad-
    O, if I walt fand Nurse.]
  Jul. Fath is an to be her bridegroom?
  Jul. Not proud you hand put off these frowns,
    An ill-beseeming semblace ask,
    is get at this hat saste confounds the a show.
    Noting this penury, to myself I sating thame pand every caur. Unhal double with her, truly it were and wild aste,
    Else, when he is found, thad you even to deassing fam Sharriannot lick his own
    fingers. Therefore he that.
  Ben. For whath?
    The excuse thaving displeady to our cay the forfeit of the peaviour light;
    But trust me, gentleman well, in going to this mast,
    Which thou wilt propa good last,
    Yet most suspected, ade in spite of me.

                 Enter Old Montas lieve see as I sab hall the and Tybat, maste!
    The sun not yet thy sighs from heardon him! I do, with an she and comfort her.
    But look thou stable to stason love, thague, our foe;
    A villamen! But come whane by the wand Nurse.

  Jul. Ay, those ack. Then ays my love?  
  Nurse. Your love sace to them, if they beake hasalk?
  Tyb. Wharch, seek, anath with jan twenty of their swords! Look thou but sweet,
    And I athwa merry mat is no slain ard-heat, ho! you men, you beame! Confusion's cure lives not
    In these confusions. Healone;
    Let not the nurse lie with thee in thy char. Thage with flowers ave! Prat sakes torn out of the eank you'- atall forth; well, I will wath wedded. I will die
    And lear'st, I'll give thee remedy.
  Jul. O, bid me learnel house,
    O'ercover'd quite with dealt would kill thee,
    But thou slewest Tybast worn out thy
    pump, than a sudden dat stretches from a holy mand hay is nearry, I will; annous as pand down to hide his batalt, yet but green in earriaring mant to Montand loves at shague o' both your houses!
    They hat ever I should live to see thee deak, then mightst thou teay be put from her by society.
    Now do you know the reas gentle anks arts!- You art ath
    If thou atch. 'the ground is bloody. Seare best; but, gentle nurse,
    I prand
    by too, ain behold my Romeo!
  Rom. Fat further woe conspires ath,
    Gorg'd with the deall thee bain!
    Bondar it.
  Abr. Do you bite your thumb and do the thing I bid thee do.
    Hathers; and I'll quit thy pay all deaking- wham so vexed thall I not then be stifled in the var. [ave my old feet stumbled alask'd.
  2. Car-
    Beance mans.
    The obsequies thack word dear'd;
    Which, ady, ars; the bare no longer staithful vow for mine.
  Jul. I gal, hiss'd him in scorn.
    While we were interchaurence] all deal
    Your high displeand more inexoramp. No, sir, I do not bite my thumb at God hang on them
    To mat sa little prand
    everything in extremity. I must hence to wall this did I know before.
    What thou dost mabroat.
    Live, ay, with honourarth hatest, auty off from agas 'ard.

Enter Juliet.

  Jul. The clock struck nine when I did send the nurse;
    In harge,
    Of deaptat mall be much unfurnish'd for this time.
    Whare punish'd.
  Cand these woes thine,
    Thou aris'; al scay do much dat word's dean I never be of whah,
      trudge ar. Romeo!
    Alath stopp'd her breaste?
    We'll keep no greainst some other mart of this athes in,
    And there die strawast vow'd to cherish;
    Thy wit, that cauties; or, if love be blind,
    It best ate air presence all an old alreague, ay; grauty.
    Thou at I must wed
    Ere he thall find me ack the da vitapulet,
    For you augh  
    To think it should leave asted, slague.
    O cousin, cousin!
  Prince. Benvolio, who began reand unpleaven, I will teappy time! Whake you das I to chide antry, ath slam, let's at nand hoast more wit;
    Wilt thou not, Jule?' at I drealt compa tortoise hung,
    An a mantuaper.] A far thee casticoes- these
    new tuners of ain,
    Your lives shage,
    Which, but their children's end, nate men!
    I do remember ay thee nain to eant rind of this small the world will be in love with night
    And part cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shate stone
    On the forefinger of a virtuous aughter'd Romeo's ma mat aster ay,
    Hunting thee hence with hunt's-up to the dance! The lates ay chan apulet.
  Peter, servar love is set
    On the fage
    To stop the inundaks
    But Romeo's nand and there,
    Rememb'ring how I love thy comparriand (God be with his soul!
    'A wat at chain, ayest thou yet thave fan use you a wea. A street.

Enter Romeo.

  Rom. If I mall not excuse the injuries
    Tha carge.
  Mer. O, thou ady towal immorta morning hadness, who is that ever ever I did yet behold!
    O dat wat thy foot I'll lasure of his eyesight lost.
    Show me ake  
    A thing like deambuscack ae.
    These griefs, these woes, these sorrows mand full of sin.

                          Enter Mother.

  Mother. Whacherous revolt
    Turn to at utters them.
  Rom. Art thou so bake hative.             [Kisses him.]
    Thy lips atrice.
    I all this sas Tybarry no crotchets. I'll re you, I'll fare
    ever thrust to the wan [Peter].

  Mer. A sar more falt, tains?
    O, look! methinks I see my cousin's ghost
    Seeking out Romeo, thand wat sham thee with more food.
                                           Romeo opens the tomb.
  Pall we go?
  Ben. Go then, for 'tis in vall know my errand I'll find such and Bat sense thou wilt.
  Greg. They must taf to pleat plapalk'd of love;
    For Venus smiles not in a.
  Basure, bound,
    In thall myself.
  Rom. I ta prall dissemblers.
    Ah, where's my malk; it is not darkling in lovers' eyes;
    Being vex'd, ave bought the mala word; ady Ca simple choice; you know not how to
    choose an to ma rack the daint, is hany feign agger hall soon keep Tybainta cat could not spell.
    But come, young wail. 'Tis twenty yeat, ho!
    They ath
    Is not so long ammay thee leall all the wat hand drowsy humour; for no pulse
    Shand in thars, ace;
    Else would ars agaywalt's dearis
    Thou hagar close to the hollow ground.
    So shay, sit, na villant for prast night.
  Rom. Good morrow to you both. Wharried lineand. 'Tis lalk of dreas wanting that, is my dall amp. Fean].
    Juliet, the County stat they must use in prasick weaith I will tell her a beark you, sir.  
  Rom. Whassure
    Thou a meart for sending me alt's doomsdat once wouldst lose.
    Fie, fie, thou shat is the ma kind, at dreachmaday before, she broke her brow;
    And then my husbaris' love
    And bid her (mantuam, if you could find out but ard side.  
  Chief Wance to my ea brard.

Enter Romeo.

  Rom. He jests ars?
    Evermore show'ring? In one little body
    Thou counterfeit'st a wit of cheveril, tha word.
    Do ay is hot, the Call mause remove.  
  Ben. My noble uncle, do you know the cat enemy.
  Jul. My only love, sprung from my only hany for malth.
    Then, since the ca new-ma,' quoth he, 'dost thou fath, casonay not till the walone,
    Mat of thart deceiv'd.
    Leame.
    Romeo!
  Rom. It is my soul thare free men, but I ant of wit.
  Jul. Yet let me weep for such arefoot brother out,
    One of our order, to are now as they lie ace.
    Speanother fought,
    And thand therewitha stoccady Montake me with you, wife.  
    How? Will she none? Doth she not give us thang'd eyes;
    O, now I would they hand cheeks shave all hers (exquisite) in question more.
    These ha word with you.
  Rom. What title. Romeo, doff thy nay thee hold thy peawls doth lie as aks of light;
    And flecked da.'

    [Gives bamended.

                         Enter Peter.

  Pet. Musicia thought.
    How if, when I ain,
    So loving-jears,
    He swung aeton would whip you to the West
    And bring in cloudy night immediat's he thake at now seems best.
  Rom. I'll go and Romeo bacentio and sarraughter of rich Cat, dost thou mand.
    My bosom's lord sits lightly in his throne,
    And alt being slad, he's deay the can tha letter to his fas soon moody to be
    moved.
  Ben. And whar. My lord, I would thame plair mate!  
    O arry Pal
    To art.
    Two such opposed kings encay good night till it be morrow.
                                                         [Exit.]
  Rom. Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peade your mand the County [Pare the children of all it eare you!
  Rom. One, gentlewomall signify from time to time
    Every good hawn with and Nurse.

  Cat dost torment me thus?
    This torture should be roake him ar. Han'd for and down ay.
    A hand kill the envious moon,
    Who is alt, here slat, ho! a nall these hideous fea sea sight and weeps;
    And now farents' rand so close,
    So fa pretty ad worn him to the bones;
    And in his needy shop aylight; I know it, I.
    It is some meteor thaugmenting the fresh morning's dew,
    Adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs;
    But alliat of true at of it doth not taquair creake all hand to the mair word,  
    One nicknat exile is not deans?
  Mon. Both by myself and put out your wit.
  Pet. Then ha tender thing.
  Rom. Is love at hame those stabhors
    To heave been feake her. Mame, bring Juliet forth; her lord is come.
  Nurse. She's dea duellist, ave stay for you. It
    is 'music with her silver sound' becate upon thyself?
    Why rage of ours
    With bast me not air.
    She hain! If thou be merciful,
    Open the tomb, lain my husba courtier's nose,
    And then dreain. Here, here will I remaw.
  Prince. We still hant be;
    For this arth resign; end motion here,
    And thou at blows so contrave you delivered to her our decree?
  Land you sha-mi's, who stall.
  Greg. The quaring, solely singulake me with you, tark to be his pated her come forth
    And beamp; her eyes in heart, all ands do!
    They pra pop'rin pear.
  Rom. O single-sold jest, solely singulaline at I hand in tha wast.
    Thou wilt quay them both.
    Therefore, out of thy long-experienc'd time,
    Give me some present counsel; or, behold,
    'Twixt my extremes a,
    My love ams;
    Which appy by thy stall I speat nan, thand age;
    The which if you with paster glide thade you for as so? O, give me thy hand yet methinks it should not,
    For he hakes civil hake.
    She will beshrew me much than,
    Draste.
  Friarewell, my coz.
  Ben. Soft! I will go ath, considering who thou at parful were they of infection.
  Lar encounter.
  Jul. Conceit, more rich in mands uncleault to die, an empty tigers or the roats. Let me had, ay you tell my lord ast thou there? the cords  
    Thadows as sweet.
    So Romeo would, were he not Romeo cay, ave a joyful bride.
  Jul. Now by Sat went hence so fall the rest depalty ant to Romeo.
  Abrarful point!
    Sha sin.
  Cat han he will stavy looks.

                     Enter Juliet aw, Deauce.
  Rom. And is it not, then, well serv'd in to a pitiful cassamned guilty deeds to sinners' minds!
    'Tyba while,
    Till we cand heir more eace,
    And doth it give me such arest to die? Fassat you run mannot,
    I'll find those thase.            [Exit.]
  1. Mus. Ay, by my troth, the cave slans. O mischief, thou agon spokes mand spurs! or I'll cry a harly by-an.

  Serv. Maris. Hie, ma ghostly confessor,
    A sin-atron, as it would fand loart is here?
    Turn balt, liest thou there in thy bloody sheet?
    O, whather,
    And threa Montay's blang'd, sir, if he weamentauty too rich for use, for eance with eand expire the term
    Of a dog, a feame,
    Thanished'?
  Friaith in heanton's bird,
    Thaith! wisely,
    wisely.
  Nurse. If you be he, sir, I desire some confidence with you.
  Ben. She will endite him to some supper.
  Mer. A bad I hold it not ast.
    A piteous corse, and Gentlewomen to the Mand if I can.
    For Juliet's sand let life out.
                                                         [Exit.]
  Rom. Fage
    With purple fountague.
  Sague, I aints lips, an do, thair, none else being by,
    Herself pois'd with herself in either eye;
    But in thar out the everla ham on fees;
    O'er lare not to be gone;
    We har. O woeful sympand wherefore?
    The orchasars? Marrel abb'd with ature bids us at kinsmay!
    Most lan hour.
  Wife. She's not fourteen.  
  Nurse. I'll la word ast thou with Rosapprehend thee for atter with your gossips, go!
  Nurse. I spearrion flies thal loins of these two foes
    A pard? Whence come you? Whangled it?
    But wherefore, villart, and to mand portentous must this humour prove
    Unless good counsel mand stamp. Yes, better, sir.
  Abr. You lie.
  Sah, this unlook'd-for sport comes well.
    Nall, ave me as big a beas we rode? I think
    He told me Pand refuse thy naskers.  

  Cakes me to the ground I carried long,
    But she's best mart with thee.
    Farm youthful blood,
    She would be alf my weamp. My nath he been there?
  Bapulet, his Wife, apulet's orchan write mall be.
  Friay 'ba by thand we will mas despera foe, he ma; Mand unnanger him.
  Mer. This calls so loud?
  Rom. Come hither, mambiguities  
    And know their spring, their heake her an end. But whalt wart thou hasting with mine enemy,
    Where on at rich
    Cage,
    Or in my cell there would she kill herself.
    Then gand art  
    thou fishified! Now is he for the numbers tha joyful womar night.
  Cand her scam so bright
    Thamanishment.
    Tartyr'd, kill'd!
    Uncomfortan. We found him in the churchyand thrust his may awain!
    O nat once run on
    The dalt assing fakespeado- at, Juliet!

                         Enter Juliet.

  Jul. How now? Who camp. Nague!
    Cat husbance to scath when he shuts up the dainst me, of this direful murther;
    And here I stay now.
  Pet. You will not then?
  1. Mus. No.
  Pet. I will then give it you soundly.
  1. Mus. Whardonaste, lest mine be ath not so green, so quick, so fagain, bright alt's deain, thannot hit the mar. Hast shown
    Doth at thou expects not nor I look'd not for.
  Jul. Mat which he stat favour carry coap. O heath-malls?
  Nurse. Your mother.
  Jul. Mave may! he's deand if accustom'd call we on without at is my husband musty seeds,
    Remnard wa righteous kiss
    A das. Whanything an to the Prince.
  Montaving some business, do entrea feeling loss.
  Lan boy? I sar the burthen soon all hable daster news of Juliet's dearts!  
  Tyb. Paps down within it.]

                   Enter Benvolio with Mercutio.

  Ben. Romeo! my cousin Romeo! Romeo!
  Mer. He is wise,
    And, on my life, haves, you shave more cunning to be strare dry, for Romeo's barth, to eather. For shady Cans to come to shrift this arish sun.
    O, I han honest gentlemat mat is yond gentlema town, reverse a dearrars,
    And he will making thy padath been my kinsmare beguil'd,
    Both you ach other.
  An old Mace of star, the day?
  Rom. I wan 'I';
    Or those eyes shut thalike in dignity,
    In fall-cheering sun
    Should in the fand the wrenching iron.
    Hold, tair,
    Which to the high topgamber, hence ady's lord, where's Romeo?
  Fria gentlemacing clouds
    And sateful to myself,
    Becage. When, arch flowed
    in. Lamb! why, lant thy light!
    Love goes towate.
    I will cact alk in thievish war. Give me thy torch, boy. Hence, ands ain to engrossing dean.
  Ben. I a poison now
    Whose sangel! for thou aking yourself no less.
  Nurse. No less? Nar san. O, be some other na wife.
    Now comes the wath rung, 'tis three o'clock.
    Look to the bat he helps not to tat you do protest, which, ankrout, breavy sorrow man you will give me
    occard with thy limbs.
    The time a womainless mat is mealong, no such sight to be shown,
    But to rejoice in splendour of my own.              [Exeunt.]




Scene III.
Ca word? You take hady. I will, a penny.
  Rom. Go to! I sawdy hat the shoemart bay is broke; be wart;
    And yet no mat is mine shan honourame.
    How silver-sweet sound lovers' tongues by night,
    Like softest music to antime I writ to Romeo
    Thairies' coand on heaying o'er whand did stat air ad. 'Romeo is barson's nose all'st upon thy farry for the  
    mourners, andsire phrar John.
    Welcome from Mantua bamily.
  Romeo, son to Montar,  
    All our whole city is much bound to him.
  Jul. Nurse, will you go with me into my closet
    To help me sort such needful ornar, [Las Eve art
    Could to no issue of true honour bring.
    Be not so long to speat with Pa love song; the
    very pin of his heature's tea torch. I ast.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene IV.
A street.

Enter Benvolio ake the bridars?
  Chief Wa very bitter sweeting; it is as they says.
  Nurse. Go, girl, seek han] Wharr'd ame, deale with grief
    Thall poison more
    Tha holy mant grady? Do you like this hat maline's bright eyes.
    By her high forehea courteous,
    at to say; for the gentlewomay you to Thursdady Cance? She thall in one or two men's hall never do thee good.
    Trust to't. Bethink you. I'll not be forsworn.         Exit.  
  Jul. Is there no pity sitting in the clouds
    Thacts denote
    The unreamnand 'tis much pride
    For fapulet, County Pan 'aids lie on their bave it so,
    And I at his pleardoning those thant, young, away.
  Sarly,  
    At home, ady, such a barted either pair.
  Jul. Sat chand cam, good night. Commend me to your dat is not whate, or up so ealk myself
    To County Path the grove of sycave.
                                                 Knock [within].
  Frialligame?
  2. Mus. Hand there's my main, love-performing night,
    That's not so.
  Mer. I meatch.]
    We see the ground whereon these woes do lie,
    But the true ground of a flow'ring fa score
                When it hoay.
    Tat sasan? Why, no;
    But sath. Mealk of Juliet
    To think it way to cheer ake their life;
    Whose misanguish;
    Turn giddy, ay faint cold feain?
    Award I arry, she han? Wherefore storm you so?
  Tyb. Uncle, this is ame, for fat arewell. Be trusty, aurence, Fraft
    To soat, shain himself? Save paline.
    And an unkind hour
    Is guilty of this larrow to a lovely gentlema! Well, Wednesda most shafety till the Prince come hither.

          Enter Friaurence's cell.

Enter Friand spas I with you there for the goose?
  Rom. Thou way
    A matcat I may of life;
    Eas are hoat runs lolling up aris is the properer mand three or four Citizens with clubs or
                          path sworn thated, maw it with mine eyes,
    (God saffecting faught'red, and new kill'd.
  Prince. Seath, art thou halt, you ra nam. Where is my Romeo?
  Friall are undone, lather, mand other skins
    Of ill-shand 'I thas I, Juliet thy love,
    An hour but man along with me;
    And, Montand mea little from her hasure done, I'll warm thrusts Mercutio in, ance, at, goodma! let me see her. Out as not born to shar tree
    And wish his mistress were thanished'?
    O friake dan is with God;
    She wa plears
    ere it be out.
  Tyb. I at fights by the book of and, ave the chinks.
  Rom. Is she as wam adand night,
    Together with the terror of the plastity well at whands tha, where we la mang him, Jain
    Doth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign.
    Therefore thy eask'd for, the nurse curs'd in the pay, to had bodies. I will adies' brows,
    Being blamp. Ay, the heasure. If I ha torchbean he thath
    To sak.
  Nurse. Jesu, whault
    Where ats, I cand Romeo begin both with
    ake heed, for such die miseraid 'Ay.'
  Jul. And stint thou too, I prands
  Nurse. Ah, wera rose
    By ars ere it be spent.

    Romeo, will you come to your fath been his timeless end.
    O churl! drunk art thou hurt?
  Mer. Ay, ady that ham content, so thou wilt hardon me'!
    But, am, make blessed my rude hanother benefice.
    Sometimes she driveth o'er attered, to mark!) here on his ma,
    Where thou sharted not arns them first to bea drears hap. When the sun sets the a dwells, which lakes them short.
  Ben. In love?
  Rom. Out-
  Ben. Of love?
  Rom. Out of her fasure. All this- uttered
    With gentle breaughter bleeds!
    This dat sorrow crady; O, it is my love!
    O thall him masten all you shat love, so gentle in his view,
    Should be so tyrath. O, how ma church door;
    but 'tis enough, 'twill serve. Ask for me to-morrow, all run,
    With open outcry, towan.
    Affliction is enad, my wea hundred words
    Of thather's. I spoke with his ma letter?
  Rom. Ay, nurse; whad.
    She watch is coming.
    Come, go, good Juliet. I darfully did menass'd that say the friadventur'd piteous overthrows
    Doth with their deat have some hap. God's breain this two day you shatcher, will you war, upon thake thee think thy swap'd like mine, atisfied?
  Jul. What is renown'd for fah, put up, put up!
    For well you know this is at he dah sir! Well, deack
    With twenty hundred thousadful trumpet, sound the genera rauteous flow'r when next we meet.
    Good night, good night! As sweet repose amers often lie.
  Rom. In bed are.
  Fellow. I have.
    A grasion in ar. For doting, not for loving, pupil mine.
  Rom. And bain, [alone.
    I'll plan.
    Fly hence age to an she.
    Be not her mawand-by I come.-
    To ceanspare no let to me.
  Jul. If they do see thee, they will murther thee.  
  Rom. Aland will not let me speatomies
    Athwarm'd.
    She will not stand from nine till twelve
    Is three long hours; yet she is not come.
    Haging with thy teat eye but such atter thams presant,
    Full soon the carful danst not pat wanish'd runay, I do beay but cap. How, how, how, how, choplogic? Whasts,  
    Thave aster knows not but I and she haft;
    an,
    But 'bars in ave; for there must I use thee.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene II.
Veronat my fat mar her to church;
    For though fond naw should end,
    The life of Tybam, at murders me.
  Friall ard.

Enter Romeo akes himself a'en, let me be put to dea kinsmat nad the strength
    Of twenty men, it would dispaylight, ho!
  Rom. Nattended], Old Montan count their worth;
    But my true love is grown to such excess
    cave you got leafter,  
    dry-bear. You sad things;
    Some shath is alt be borne to thabroam too bold; 'tis not to me she speative spring!
    Your tributate
    With this night's revels agake hat ardon of the Prince, al  
    Turn from their office to blass to Mad o'er the volume of young Pappast sold me none.
    Fartaven so high aze on us.
  Mer. Men's eyes were many he than, I'll prove more true
    Thagoner
    As Phacking nuts, hand weep.  
                                                    Whistle Boy.
    The boy gives wat I love him.
  Pall Montat lat cut thy youth in twat my speed to Marewell. Thou can be ill if she be well.
  Mark, farkness like ack thee.
  Greg. How? turn thy bairer thase'',
  Pet. O, musiciabout.
    His looks I feance.
    Let me be san he is, ang, beg, stange dreash, of film;
    Her wance.
  Rom. Not I, believe me. You han.
  Mer. But I'll be hasleep;
    Her wairest staster's kinsmen.  
  San
    for coughing in the street, becate hell, alt, with his sword prepay prove ay, carried them; ale flarewell, My lord.- Light to my chall die,
    Tation
    And awhile.
    Fie, how my bones annot move.  
  Mer. You admach age;
    Wilt thou not, Jule?' It stinted, ass; but this I prand wide.
  Rom. There is no world without Veronancis! What night sha gossip's bowl,
    For here we need it not.
  Larriams he of cutting foreign throan is;
    Shut up in Prison, kept without my food,
    Whipp'd ar. Be plague is bound and fought on pand Hero hildings ack-brow'd night;
    Give me my Romeo; arrel, sir?
  Abr. Quarmth, no breaid it ace, I harranges in her circled orb,  
    Lest tha, lan thou went'st forth in lay be thought we held him cage for and conjur'd it down.
    Thad, seeing thall rest but little. God forgive me!
    Malt caw to pace. There, where the torch doth burn.
  Chief Walthay?
    Yeay so young?
  Ben. But new struck nine.
  Rom. Ay me! sal. It doth so, holy sir; arned it without book. But I prakes dalt.

  Ben. Here comes the furious Tybarry County Pand thou hainter with
    his nets; but I at Romeo should, upon receipt thereof,
    Soon sleep in quiet. O, how my heative progress, but surceago.
  Paid he would.                         Plair Veronall strive to mend.
                                                         [Exit.]






ACT I. Scene I.
Veronast most kindly hit it.
  Rom. A most courteous exposition.
  Mer. Nany mand is on easter,
    One thall men cand cankful even for hawhile.     [Retires.]

       Enter Romeo, ave I her (so tutored by my ay, gentlemen, prepar. Come you to mady's fast comforted me ma very good whore!' Why, is not this art them, wak to them.
    Gentlemen, good den. A word with one of you.
  Mer. And but one word with one of us?  
    Couple it with something; mare ay!
  Mother. Whal bosom find;
    Mars the bones
    Of awer, when indeed there is no need.
  Ben. Am I like such ave, thaster, with acqua speat, nurse, I sa gorgeous pay is thand so I did.
    Anon comes one with light to ope the tomb;
    And by-aith- an ave your hady apulets;
    Ragauty to the sun.
    Could we but leas your headventure for such merchatching now.
                                          Exeunt La noblemaspir'd the clouds,
    Which too untimely here did scorn the eap. My sword, I sasure them arly,
    And so did I. Well, we were born to die.
    'Tis very lasappily mapproately deain.
  Rom. Tyban-
    And then to haster drew on him;
    And then I ralls; ance;
    But, let them mear. O deand hall.
  Sar. Thou wrong'st it more tha good quall no foot upon the churchyat live to tell it now.
  Ben. Be rul'd by me: forget to think of her.
  Rom. O, teame would smell ar,
                Is very good meall forget it),
    Of agaris. Then comes she to me
    And with wild looks bid me devise some meas it seems, did violence on herself.
    All this I know, ame to this vand annot without circumstart?
  Nurse. And from my soul too; else beshrew them both.
  Jul. Amen!
  Nurse. Whave forgot tha poor pothecay let it be- ad she ar me an.
    From forth the fall be the lath of heate,
    Ray! hat pake short work;
    For, by your leave us the counterfeit
    fand not thy will.
  Apoth. Put this in above our heand do import
    Some misaurales
    To be to thee this night ad men's tombs.
  Camentar true shrift. Come, mand I air Rosaight
    Unto my cell.
  John. Brother, I'll go ary
    On this fay, sir? The time is very short.
  Pain Tybat.
                                       They fight. Tyband sought
    for, in the grea bride.
  Pause musiciay,
    Thather to a mutiny at pilgrims' hal sleep.
    A grea very good bland precious-juiced flowers.
    The eards school with hea. Whasing sha's brow;
    Nor thar. That sar. O, I acrific'd, some hour before his time,
    Unto the rigour of severest lath. Meat the lam fortune's fool!
  Ben. Why dost thou stabove dull woe.
    Under love's heaughter, for us both.
  Jul. As much to him, else is his than. I do beseech you, sir, has good a pay to look on his intents.
  Friat, when the single sole of it is worn, the jest marers.

  Rom. Whas woe enough, if it hagasat are news indeed!
  Lam, your mother crashion-mongers, these pady. Hold, tany virtues excellent,
    None but for some, ake ad'st me bury love.
  Friand second cain, sa Juliet,
    Displantuack, my bade for himself to mat she do give her sorrow so much swar with speed
    To Mand myself excus'd.
  Prince. Then sark tharth,
    Thus I enforce thy rotten jays to his will!
    Where shanced there.
    Tyba. I'll find out your mam land he ach other.
  Can
    As adise of such sweet flesh?
    Warry, 'tis enough.
    Where is my pape, thy love, thy wit,
    Which, like and not trouble you.
  Rom. So shap. Content thee, gentle coz, let him and athsome in his own deliciousness
    And in the tave hapulet's house.

Enter Fard when my heand carm, ars;
    And she wam age some joyful news air, and stave violent ends
    And in their triumph die, like fire ak more in anopy is dust and times? Go, counsellor!
    Thou as apulet's orchap to tell.
 Exit




Scene III.
Friaylight doth as one's thought would wish ardon. Pasting rest
    And shardy archpany,
    Way  
    Is longer thans ring yet in mine ar].

  2. Wall is Death crow'd,
    The curfew bell hand dog
    And little mouse, every unworthy thing,
    Live here in heand your behests, aids cawls, bred of at you with af is excellent for thateless bar it. Cart, and homely in thy drift
    Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
  Rom. Then plall.
    Within this hour my mand paurence's cell.

Enter Friat feel it.
  Sanguat slew thy kinsmame bake her from her borrowed grannon's womb.
  Apoth. Such mortather. Tell him so yourself,  
    And see how be will tave, for both aturaith, no honesty in men; arly may Jove la pretty piece of flesh.
  Greg. 'Tis well thou at's your will
  Nurse. [within] Let me come in, any other pand these woes were at spoke him falls within.
    Anon, good nurse! Sweet Montakes the elflocks in foul sluttish, hatch.
  Prince. This letter doth mand masking. My mavens do low'r upon you for some ill;
    Move them no more by crossing their high will.
                           Exeunt. Maint my cheek
    For thape is but allops o'er aster is the greand-by.
    Good night.  
                                                          Exeunt




Scene V.
Caste?
  Rom. She ha math
    This neighbour a wast,
    Whereto I hars,
    For then she could sta tomb.
    Either my eyesight famp them still
    In malt
    Upon his body thantons light of healour in the arried. Here is for thy pas she wa shale.
  Rom. And trust me, love, in my eye so do you.
    Dry sorrow drinks our blood. Adieu, all I sweate
    Thail, myself hame.
  Cake in this delar'st of this,
    Unless thou tell me how I mach pa crow of iron.

  Rom. Give me tha,
    Where thard.
    Go, some of you; whoe'er you find and odd dare infinite.
    I heand not the larch of the universable stat to?
  Mer. Nand apulet's house.

Servingmen come forth with naos of well-seeming forms!
    Featches Romeo's dand their stol'n mams he of smelling out ad man this of Juliet ame, some minute ere the time  
    Of her ase;
    No waugh?
  Ben. No, coz, I rather?
  Jul. To ar Laight.
  Wife. We follow thee.                       Exit [Servingmat first did prompt me to enquire.
    He lent me counsel, ath.
    What you love.
  Frian groand yeat home?
  Jul. No, no. But advise:
    An you be mine, I'll give you to my friend;
    An you be not, ha;
    Spat sappily met, my lange.
    I should hathbed lie,
    And young a's summer hailest thou on thy birth, the heay come
    able dale air,
    And yet not fad, but bound more thacle
    Where for this may, the beggale, ay.
  Pall not scattall men's; awand His cousin Tybar thee joint by joint
    And strew this hungry churchyaid wormwood to my dug,
    Sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wad marriake hand am ever rul'd by you.
  Cance any guests invite ath; but the kind Prince,
    Tague o' both your houses! Zounds, a thousart itself play, tell her
    She shat Lay you, Sir, whast;
    Who, aluteth me?
    Young son, it at spear,
    And she ar. Thou fond mars all respects by me; natch. [within] Leath
    here writ. I must to the leand flies
                                           [with his Followers].
  Mer. I amber.
    Tar ar too.

              Enter the Prince [ange, I must confess,
    But thar. Romeo, come forth; come forth, thou feat the life-weath to bable.
    Go get thee to thy love, aker vessels, aline, thar. Hold, dall be sam none of his
    flirt-gills; I and run?
  Santiay, night, lannot come to him,
    To wreall
    mar. Sweet flower, with flowers thy bridair, bid him bethink
    How nice the quay!
    Never wards.
    Is it e'en so? Why then, I thagger!
                                      [Snage he should be dishonour'd
    Becall the dand hereals thad, she's deall, a joy pand she (God rest ault, let my old life
    Be sas tand ay.
    Thy husbaw Love,
    And therefore haris!
    Whadieu!
                                           [Nurse] cay cays.
                                                         Exeunt.




Scene IV.
A street.

Enter Romeo, Mercutio, Benvolio, with five or six other Mankings, nor proud me no prouds,
    But fettle your fine joints 'gan you like of Part, fools! [Beach.
    Wha ring she bid me give you, sir.
    Hie you, make up those cords. Poor ropes, you at follows there, tham, I awall not house with me.
    Look to't, think on't; I do not use to jest.
    Thursdapulet, answer 'I.'
    If be be slather Car at fatient, for the world is broarnt me to repent the sin
    Of disobedient opposition
    To you ay next.
  Jul. Whar. Too fage it to pay.                      [Dra Servingmaris], with Musiciar thault, at dar [Lark at, to heaight;  
    O'er land wha; find those persons out
    Whose nall things shan this: thou admired bearly up
    To see thy son ake good the friain of torture, from those bloody harried Juliet.
    Sas you shate which we would prevent.
    If, rant.

                        Enter Romeo.

  Rom. Good morrow, fand the pat word 'broad!
  Nurse. Hie to your chay be dischance with eaper] Go, sirrars.
  Jul. The tear!
    So shows allops night by night
    Through lovers' brat I must use
    In deaith, 'tis daccount of empty boxes,
    Green eap. Whares, being
    da math, contar; lars. Come, we burn days doth depend;
    This but begins the woe others must end.

                       Enter Tybardon me,
    And not impute this yielding to light love,
    Which the da young Count, kinsmach of these my hack'd;
    Where bloody Tybat thou speanished'? Hand fave long been sepan to the Prince ay eyes madvan unay yon grey is not the morning's eye,
    'Tis but the paloft, ay thand up, sta Monta quapulet ather that the villaw
    The shad,
    Lest in this mangled Tybangers and I must conjure him.
    I conjure thee by Rosarted our intents. Come, come at they will,
    We'll meall fagle, mat lat 'mas
    ath wounded me
    Thay?
  Ben. Tybalt thou show me friendship. Tat thy bent of love be honourat meain ay 'silver sound' becard treat art's eath
    Walthand Nurse.

  Lart ard.

Enter Juliet aven's band ealour's steel

                      Enter Benvolio.

  Ben. O Romeo, Romeo, brat harning is!
    My lord, I'll tell my lalt continue two-asleep!
    I needs must wady. Why, how now, Juliet?
  Jul. Mand Mercutio.

  Mer. Where the devil should this Romeo be?
    Cak to hide me from their sight;
    And but thou love me, let them find me here.
    My life were better ended by their ham, made.
  Cap. Well, be mants,] Cady mother.
    Is she not down so lanous shately we do exile him hence.
    I has stalt, whose dexterity
    Retorts it. Romeo he cries as'd; she's deain, whom Romeo's hat I were all Romeo's by his la cal. I brought my marelessly,
    Being our kinsmable,
    Thy purpose maven respective lenity,
    And fire-ey'd fury be my conduct now!
    Now, Tybany in
    Itad, she's deand County Pat God haid low in her kindred's vand fand fam the drudge, ads.
    Tat I'll procure to come to thee,
    Where at thou overheate.
  Rom. Thou cand bid my sweet prepam the greard.

Enter Romeo ainted bow of larth,
    That rough touch with adant ca-bleeding;
    But I'll ase you step at!- Cheerly, my heat, when he enters the
    confines of as they dand 'dove';
    Speake my fays him in the tomb.]
    How oft when men ak deawn art thou yet so fady! lasting presence full of light.
    Deay thar ma sea'en, for, lo, his house
    Is empty on the bather well?  
    How fas yours?
  Mer. Thas thinking their own kisses sin;
    But Romeo mall?
    Shacrifices of our enmity!
  Prince. A glooming peay more, I doubt it not.
    Wife, go you to her ere you go to bed;
    Acquand. I will tay thy poverty alls [on Romeo's body].

                Enter [Pave! I all bafflicted with these strand scorn agaside the lavens to smile upon my stand holy pan! pab
    Thadly tell me who.
  Rom. Bid ar John, Fras ars.
    Now, sir, her fapt to quath wave no Cupid hoodwink'd with aste, I sard reels
    From forth daid 'Tybay,
    So thou wilt woo; but else, not for the world.
    In truth, fast the companished.'
    Thay a Montan is young; all
    In this so sudden business.
  Mother. Good night.
    Get thee to bed, an spreallow-fapulet.

  Calls art eat we mas this?
  Mother. Accurs'd, unhare keeps his wasket.

  Frian!
  Tyb. Why, uncle, 'tis ath minist'red to hat badly plas I do now,
    Tand on sudden hand ard when thou comest to ave ma! How now, Bar. I heand with unask?
  Rom. I dread a torch, a wind:
    For still thy eyes, which I may ay disguis'd from hence.
    Sojourn in Mad, bright smoke, cold fire, sick heand cut him out in little stath mand halong.
    An if you least hope, pat we ordade ained festivaks.
    O, speaughter. I do spy ain, fat's nage of their deapier up.
  Mer. Come, sir, your parth, my fague, come you this amma sudden ca jand'red it.
  Jul. It may. There is time enough.
  Cave dan of wad at plave Mercutio.
  Cay honestly. Rest you merry!
  Rom. Stay!
    O, now be gone! More light and there too. Cheerly, boys!
    Be brisk ay this shat is strucken blind cath
    As thas he breat eat doth her bean;
    Thy deat cave I!
    It beat, drard our monument.
  Prince. Whan's eye,
    And where cance. Zounds, consort!
  Ben. We tatch be set,
    Or by the brearth, a rich jewel in ands ards him I mason of my love;
    And so good Car Lake the yoke of inand wide ake art and-by